Dreamed of you this morning 
Then came the dawn, and I thought you were here with me 
If you could only see 
How much i love you 
That's all that's all that's all baby 
Oh no, I'll never give up on you 
I never felt that before 
But there's always.... 
That's all that's all... 
 


 
Back-back-backing them Beemer's out 
Seems as our plans to get a grant 
Then go off to college, didn't pan or even out 
We need it now, we need a town 
We need a place to pitch, we need a mound 
For now, I'm just a lazy boy 
Big dreaming in my La-Z-Boy 
In the clouds of smoke, been playin' this Marvin 
Mama forgive me, should be thinkin' bout Harvard 
But that's too far away, niggas are starving 
Ain't nothin' wrong with aim, just gotta change the target 
I got dreams of baggin' snidd-ow the size of pillows 
I see pies everytime my eyes clidd-ose 
I see rides, sixes, i gotta get those 
Life's a bitch, I hope not to make her a widow 
 
 [Chorus:] 
Oh no, I'll never give up on you 
I never felt that before 
Its just American dreamin' 
Oh no, I'll never give up on you 
I never felt that before 
Its just American dreamin' 
Oh no, I'll never give up on you 
I never felt that before 
American dreamin' 
But there's always.... 
That's all that's all... 
 
Now see, the life's right there 
And it seems right there 
Its not quite near, 
And its not like we're professionals movin' the decimals 
Know where to cop? Nah! got a connect? No! 
Who under Heaven know how to be successful 
Need a Personal Jesus, I'm in Depeche Mode 
They say its celestial, its all in the stars 
It's like Tony LaRussa 
On how you play your cards 
You all ain't fucking with me! 
The ironies are 
And at all costs better avoid these bars 
Now lets start, on your mark 
Get set, lets go-get out the car! 
Going in circles, its a vicious cycle 
This is a crash course, this ain't high school 
Wake up, Muttley, you're dreamin' again 
Your own reality show, the season begins 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Step One in this process, scramble up in your projects 
And head to the heights where big coke is processed 
You gotta convince 'em that you not from the Precinct 
Please speak slow, cause he no speakey no English 
If he takes a liking after a couple of trips 
If your money is straight, he's gonna give you consignment 
You're now in a game where only time can tell 
Survive the droughts, i wish you well... 
Survive the droughts? I wish you well? 
How sick am i? I wish you HEALTH 
I wish you wheels, i wish you wealth 
I wish you insight so you could see for yourself 
You could see the signs, when the jackers is schemin' 
And the cops is comin', you could read they mind 
You could see from behind, you could redefine 
The game as we know it, one dream at a time 
I'm American dreamin' 
 
 [Chorus]I'm from the 80's, 
Home of the heroine, 
Error of the hustlers, uh 
The world is my custy 
New rich porter 
The way I flip quarters 
Front on all these other rap artists, but me 
Momma was a mink wearer, Papa ran numbers 
So it's plain to see, where my whole plan come from 
American dream, I'm living the life still 
The way I shine is like a zillion dollar light bill 
Still I'm grinding, army jacket lining 
40 below timbs on, getting my M's on 
My best friends gone, I seen bad days 
Still find songs that I hear him on 
Getting my Mary J. Blige Reminisce on 
I hear his voice in my mind, like, nigga live on 
So I get on that fly shit I been on 
Spin on corners in enzo with rims on 
But for info, puffin on Endo-Nesia 
Give me amnesia 
I ease up, that right, I'm high nigga 
I want the sky, 
The world when I'm done 
I'm give it to my sons 
Let 'em live it up, split it up, switch it up, 
Sixes kit it up, man I did it up, done 
The rest of my belongings belong in the hall of fame, a list of hits next to all my names 
I came, if the sky should fall 
And it all goes tomorrow, and they foreclose on the house and auction off all my cars 
Don't cry for me Argentina, I mobbed the beamer 
Took trips abroad, got mobbed in Sardina 
In Ibiza I had pizza in the club 
Ladies know I'm that guy, they wanna piece of my love 
Now they wanna ya boy like Mike in his prime 
Billie Jean the goddamn boy ain't mine 
And the Roc break up, had the people losing hope 
Can't lie they had Muhammad Hovi on the ropes 
Now I'm back in the go mode, back in the go-go's 
Throwing the diamond up, repping the logo 
Rose gold rose flow, I'm okay though 
What Don't kill me makes stronger than before so 
Here we go and I'm not domino 
When it all falls down, I'm like Kanye's jaw 
I might break but I don't fold, till I hold the sky in my hand 
Yeah that's my goal 
And then I bid you Freddy Adu 
Prodigal Child, y'all not ready for the future 
Then I disappear in the Bermuda Triangle 
My name will be viewed such 
Here's to the man that refused to give up 
I want the sky nigga, ChuuuuuuchRoc-a-fella records 
The imperial Skateboard P 
Great Hova 
Y'all already know what it is (Oh Shit!) 
 
C'mon! 
 [Verse 1] 
Yeah 
So what if you flip a couple words 
I could triple that in birds 
open your mind you see the circus in the sky 
I'm Ringling brothers Barnum and Bailey with the pies 
No matter how you slice it I'm your motherfucking guy 
Just like a B-Boy with 360 waves 
Do the same with the pot, still come back beige. 
Whether right or south paw, whether powder the jar 
Whip it around, it still comes back hard. 
So easily do I w-h-i-p 
My repetition with wrists will bring you kilo biggers. 
I got creole C.O. bitches for my niggas who slipped, became prisoners 
Trees taped to the visitors 
You already know what the business is 
Unnecessary commissary, boy we live this shit 
Niggas wanna bring the 80s back 
It's OK with me, that's where they made me at 
Except I don't write on the wall 
I write my name in the history books, hustling in the hall (hustling in the hall) 
Nah, I don't spin on my head 
I spin work in the pots so I can spend my bread 
 
 [Chorus (Pharrell):] 
And I'm getting it, I'm getting it 
I ain't talking about it, I'm living it 
I'm getting it, straight getting it 
Ge-ge-ge-get get get it boy 
(Don't waste you time, fighting the life stay your course, and you'll understand) 
Get it boy 
 
 [Verse] 
It's '87 state of mind that I'm in (mind that I'm in) 
In my prime, so for that time, I'm Rakim (I'm Rakim) 
If it wasn't for the crime that I was in 
But I wouldn't be the guy whose rhymes it is that I'm in (that I'm in) 
No pain, no profit, P I repeat if you show me where the pot is (pot is) 
Cherry M3's with the top back (top back) 
Red and green G's all on my hat 
North beach leathers, matching Gucci sweater 
Gucci sneaks on to keep my outfit together 
Whatever, hundred for the diamond chain 
Can't you tell that I came from the dope game 
Blame Reagan for making me into a monster 
Blame Oliver North and Iran-Contra 
I ran contraband that they sponsored 
Before this rhyming stuff we was in concert 
 
 [Chorus (Pharrell)] 
 
 [Verse 3] 
Push (push) money over broads, you got it, fuck Bush 
Chef (chef), guess what I cooked 
Baked a lot of bread and kept it off the books 
Rockstar, look, way before the bars my picture was getting took 
Feds, they like wack rappers, tried as they may, couldn't get me on the hook 
D.A. wanna indict me 
Cause fish scales in my veins like a pisces 
The Pyrex pot, rolled up my sleeves 
Turn one into two like a Siamese 
Twin when it end, I'm a stand as a man never dying on my knees 
Last of a dying breed, so let the champagne pop 
I partied for a while now I'm back to the block 
 
 [Chorus (Pharrell)]I know i shouldnt've did that 
I know its gon' come right back 
I know its gon' destroy everything i made 
Its probably gon' get ya boy sent away 
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it 
Its inevitable that i'm- 
 
Said where i would stop before i even started 
When i get to one brick, then The Game i will depart with 
Got to one brick then i looked to the sky, said 
Sorry God, i lied, but give me one more try 
Got to two bricks, new cars, new whips 
But niggas never learn til' they end up in the newsclip 
The irony of selling drugs is sort of like i'm using it 
Guess its two sides to what 'substance abuse' is 
Can't stop, won't stop, nigga since new shit 
Brand new convertibles, i'm so ruthless 
Front row, fight night-see how big my tube is? 
Fuck HD, nigga see how clear my view is? 
(FALLING) 
But there's a price for overdoing it 
Doin' it this big'll put you on the map 
Stick-up kids is out some tax 
Plus the FBI Boys with the cameras in the back, DAMN! 
 
I know i shouldnt've did that 
I know its gon' come right back 
I know its gon' destroy everything I made 
Its probably gon' get ya boy sent away 
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it 
Its inevitable - 
 
Now you're 
(FALLING) 
When you should've scaled back, 
Now you're 
(FALLING) 
Right into they lap 
Falling, they applaud and they screamin' at the screen 
"Damn, you fucked up!" like your favorite movie scene 
Godfather, Goodfellas, Scarface, Casino 
You seen what that last run did to DeNiro 
When he can't beat the odds, can't cheat the cards 
Can't blow too hard, life's a deck of cards 
Now you're tumbling, its humbling, you're falling, you're mumbling 
Under your breath like you knew this day was coming 
(FALLING) 
Now let's pray that arm candy 
That you left your Ex- for stay 'down' and come in handy 
Cause come January, it gets cold 
When the letters start to slow, when your commissary's low 
When your lawyer screams "Appeal!" only thinkin' bout a bill 
When your chances are nil, damn, gravity's ill... 
 
I know i shouldnt've did that 
I know its gon' come right back 
I know its gon' destroy everything i made 
Its probably gon' get ya boy sent away 
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it 
Its inevitable- 
 
That you're 
(FALLING) 
And you can't get up 
All you do is push-up, pull-up, sit-up 
Locked down, the town now belongs to the Squares 
Who say they won't make the same mistakes that got you there 
And ya arm candy's sweet on 'em 
Every woman that you left for this heffa got a college degree comin' 
Bad news keeps coming 
Hard to keep something on your stomach 
You're sick 'bout what your life is becoming 
(FALLING) 
Bunch of used to's, has been's bragging bad 'bout all the new dudes 
Talking tough on the YouTube bout what you used to do 
But that's old school to the new crew 
They're doing numbers like Sudoku 
They're the new you 
And its damn near inevitable they'll experience deja vu too 
Fight, and you'll never survive 
Run, and you'll never escape 
So just fall from grace, damn.... 
 
I know i shouldnt've did that 
I know its gon' come right back 
I know its gon' destroy everything i made 
Its probably gon' get ya boy sent away 
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it 
Its inevitable that i'm 
FALLING 
Seems like I'm Falling 
FALLING 
Seems like i'm Falling 
FALLING 
Seems like I'm Falling 
FALLING 
Seems like i'm Falling 
FALLING 
Seems like I'm Falling 
FALLING 
Seems like i'm Falling 
FALLING 
Seems like I'm Falling 
FALLING 
Seems like i'm......[Chorus - Lil Wayne:] 
Hello Brooklyn how you doing? where you going? can I come too 
And if I can I'm a be your man you could be my lady 
And have my baby and drive my cars and drive me crazy 
Wherever you going baby girl just take me 'cause I'm so taken 
If you taken I'm just sayin' baby I'm just sayin' 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Like a momma you birth me Brooklyn you nursed me schooled me wit Hard knocks better than Berkeley 
they say you murked me by the time I was 21 that shit disturbed me but you never hurt me Hello 
Brooklyn if we had a daughter guess what I'm a call her Brooklyn Carter when I left you for 
Virginia it didn't offend your 'cause you no I only stepped out to get dinner and now I'm eating so 
much I bought extra so much doe the dinner's now turn in to Breakfast I only roll Lexus to Hug 
your road I love your corners I'm half your soul 
 
 [Chorus - Lil Wayne] 
 
 [Lil Wayne] 
Hello Brooklyn what's your story she said she eating on the run But she ain't "Nore" 
She said she got a man but he ain't worried but baby I'm a have to rob 'em like "Horry" she 
said She love B.I.G and she like Tupac and when I said JAY-Z she said it's the roc but I'm a 
leave it like dis like dis like that where Brooklyn at? where Brooklyn at?... Have you seen her? 
and if she tell you somethin' you better believe her she told me she like my New Orleans Demeanor 
and so I said goodbye Katrina 
 
 [Hook - Lil Wayne:] 
And Hello Brooklyn b-b-baby you are the sweetest thing eyes 
Can see I said Hello Brooklyn but baby I hope you 
you never say goodbye to me I said Hello Brooklyn b-b-Baby 
you are so damn fine to me and I remember the time, place, & 
The weather on the day you said hi to me 
and I say hello Brooklyn 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Brooklyn you crazy look how you made me razor blades in my mouth walk around behaving all demented 
black Hoodies and timberlanded always scheming you see the gleam 
On that niggas pendent Hello Brooklyn you bad influence look what you had me doing but I ain't mad 
at you look at my attitude it says my life's too real pick up my ice grill baby I'm cold as ice 
like I'm from Brownsville but my Bed's in the stuy though while I flatting your bush till we smoke a 
C.I what up 2 the boy B.I you no I handle B.I I don't have steps on the caine ask the dreads about I 
how you want so she likes it hard co... so I grind slow illa den outta square mall back in the 9.0' 
my find hoe we got some victims to catch so in a couple years I'm a bring you some Nets 
 
 [Chorus - Lil Wayne] 
 
 [Hook - Lil Wayne]And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you like ....HOV 
 
Uh- 
She wants that old thing back 
Uh- uh- uh- 
She want those Heroin tracks 
She likes me 
She fiends for me nightly 
She leans for me 
Morning she rush for my touch 
This is about LUST 
Cold sweats occur when I'm not with her 
My presence is a must- must- must- 
Bonita Applebum, i gotta put you on 
If i didn't when we cuttin' the feeling would be too strong 
In any form, I'm giving you sweet dreams 
That Sugar Hill, she call me her sweet thing 
That Black Rain that take away your pain 
Just for one night, baby, take me in vein 
Now that feelin' got you trippin' 
You no wanna feel no differently 
Said lust has got you itchin' 
Nose wide open and its' drippin' -eh -eh -eh -eh 
I know what you like, i am your prescription 
I'm your physician, I'm your addiction 
 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you like ....HOV 
 
I am so DOPE 
Like Louboutin's with the red bottoms 
You gotta have 'em, you glad you got 'em 
Like every color Giuseppe's, your guilty pleasure is me 
Its so much fun, you shun therapy 
Although it never be, the feeling is fleeting 
Shopping's like coppin', you constantly need it 
I'm never around, you constantly seek it 
You'll never be down, i know where your peak is 
9 1/2 weeks is better than 12-steps 
I keep tryin' to remind you to keep tellin' yourself 
Now your conscience is interfering, like "Better yourself!" 
Like you better get help 
But when that medicine's felt? 
We're back together 
Don't ever leave me 
Don't ever let 'em tell you that you'll never need me 
My China White, 'til we D.O.A. 
Its Montego forever, baby, lets get away.... 
 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you like ....HOV 
 
How could you leave me? 
I thought that you needed me! 
When the world got too much and you pleaded with me-- 
Who helped you immediately? 
How speedy of me! 
How could you deny me so vehemently? 
Now your body is shakin' trying to free it of me 
And your soul is in control, trying to lead it from me 
And your heart no longer pledge allegiance to me 
Damn, I'm missing the days when you needed the D 
 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
I know what you like 
Everything you love 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
And I Know And I Know 
I know what you like ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you love ....HOV 
Baby you like ....HOVYessir! 
Just the sound of his voice is a hit! 
Ya'll niggas got me really confused out there 
I make "Big Pimpin" or "Give It 2 Me", one of those... 
Ya'll hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st Century 
I make some thought-provoking shit 
Ya'll question whether he falling off 
I'ma really confuse ya'll on this one 
Follow.... 
 
When them tops come down, chicks tops come down 
Like when them shots come out make cops come around 
When the blocks come out I can wake up a small town 
Finish off the block then I make my mall rounds 
When them stares get exchanged then the 5th come out 
The tough guy disappears then the bitch come out 
"That's him" -I'm usually what they whisper about 
Either what chick he with, or his chip amount 
Cause I been doing this since CHIPS was out 
Watchin' Erik Estrada baggin' up at the Ramada 
Table full of powder, AC Broke 
'Bout to take another shower on my 25th hour 
Spike Lee's everywhere, game or the flight 
You might see me anywhere, day in the life 
Only thing changed the tail number on the flight 
I can touch down and take off the same night 
 
I'm so bossy 
Bitch get off me 
Trick get off me 
You cant get shit off me 
I'm so flossy 
No 6-exhaust breeze 
laid back, Maybach's 
Don't even talk to me! 
 
This is that ignorant shit you like 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you love 
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricon, puta, and drugs 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you need 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick plus weed 
I'm only trying to give you what you want 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it don't front 
 
They're all actors 
Looking at themselves in the mirror backwards 
Can't even face themselves, don't fear no rappers 
They're all weirdos, DeNiro's in Practice 
So don't believe everything your earlobe captures 
Its mostly backwards 
Unless it happens to be as accurate as me 
And everything said in song you happen to see 
Then actually, believe half of what you see 
None of what you hear even if its spat by me 
And with that said, I will kill niggas dead 
Cut niggas short, give you wheels for legs 
Im a K-I- double -L-E-R 
See ya'll in hell 
Shoot niggas straight through the E.R. 
Whoa- this ain't B.R., no 
Its S.C., C.E.O., the next Lyor? 
No, the next leader of the whole free world 
And the first thing i'ma do is free Sigel, GO! 
 
Take off the cuffs, unlock the gate 
Its that ignorant nigga that you love to hate 
The '07 Ice Cube, B. Sig so rude 
Tell a trick, get these nuts, eat dick like food 
Now see if I care if this verse get aired 
Even if you mute it the curse is there, yeah 
I'm so raunchy, bitch get off me 
Keep my flea collar on, you lil ticks get off me! 
 
I missed the part where it stopped being about Imus 
What do my lyrics got to do with this SHIT? 
SCARFACE the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me 
Still that ain't the blame for all the shit that's happened to me 
Are you saying what I'm spitting, 
Is worse than these celebutantes showin' they kitten, you kidding? 
Lets stop the bullshittin' 
Til' we all without sin, let's quit the pulpit-ing 
SCARFACE the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me 
Still that ain't the blame for all the shit that's happened to me 
Lets stop the bullshittin' 
Til' we all without sin, let's quit the pulpit-ing, c'mon! 
 
This is that ignorant shit you like 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you love 
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricon, puta, and drugs 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you need 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick plus weed 
I'm only trying to give you what you want 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it don't front[words echo during pauses (... are long pauses .. are short pauses)] 
 
It's the Dynasty niggaz... as promised... 
The world's most infamous... 
Roc-A-Fella Records... 
This is Roc La Familia... 
It's Young Hova... Beanie Sigel... Memphis Bleek... Amil-lion... 
It's the Dynasty niggaz... 2000 to infinity... 
This is ghetto to ghetto.. gutter to gutter.. 
Street corner to street corner.. project to project.. 
Worldwide... walk with us niggaz... 
Hoffa... Dash... it's the Dynasty niggaz 
Check it out... 
Uhh... walk with me... talk to me... yo.. 
 
The theme song to (The Sopranos) 
plays in the key of life on my, mental piano 
Got a strange way of seein life like 
I'm Stevie Wonder with, beads under the doo-rag 
Intuition is there even when my vision's impaired, yeah 
Knowin I can go, just switchin a spare 
On the highway of life, nigga it's sharp in my sight 
Oh! Keen senses ever since I was a, teen on the benches 
everytime somebody like Enus was mentioned 
I would turn green, me, bein in the trenches 
Him, livin adventureous not worryin about expenditures 
I'm bravin temperatures below zero, no hero 
No father figure, you gotta pardon a nigga 
But I'm starvin my niggaz, and the weight loss in my figure 
is startin to darken my heart, bout to get to my liver 
Watch it my niggaz, I'm tryin to be calm but I'm gon' get richer 
through any means, with that thing that Malcolm palmed in the picture 
Never read the Qu'ran or Islamic scriptures 
Only psalms I read was on the arms of my niggaz 
Tattooed so I carry on like I'm non-religious 
Clap whoever stand between Shawn and figures 
Niggaz, say it's the dawn/Don but I'm superstitious 
Shit is as dark as it's been, nothin is goin as you predicted 
I move with biscuits, stop the harder niggaz actin too suspicious 
This is, food for thought, you do the dishesPoor me, dad was gone, finally got my dad back 
Liver bad he wouldn't live long, they snatched my dad back 
Guidance I never had that, streets was my second home 
Welcomed me with open arms provided a place to crash at 
A place to study math at, matter fact I learned it all 
Burnt it all this music is where I bury the ashes at 
Flash back not having much, not having that 
Had to get some hollerest you can holla back at 
Holla that my Jewish lawyer do enjoy the fruit of within my cash stack 
Just in case a nigga got to use his rat-ta-ta-ta-tat 
Own boss own yawt, masters, slave 
The mentality I carry with me to this very day 
Fuck rich let's get wealthy who else gonna feed we 
If I need it I'm gonna get it however God help me 
 
(And I don't need no hook for this shit!!!!) 
 
I'm so for sure is known for sure 
Stay out of trouble, momma said as momma sighs 
Her fear her youngest son being victim of homocide 
But I got to get you out of here momma or I'm gonna -- die 
Inside -- and either way you lose me momma so let loose of me 
I got the rain our direction'll soon change 
To live and die in N.Y. in the hustle game 
Hustle cane, hustle clothes or hustle music 
But hustle hard in any hustle that you pick 
Skinny nigga toothpick but, but I do lift 
Weight like I'm using roids Rolls Royce 
Keep my movements smooth while maneuvering 
Through all the manuers in the sewers that I grew up in 
Choices we make trying to escape 
 
(And I don't need no hook for this shit!!!) 
 
This is not for commercial usage 
Please don't categorize this is music 
Please don't compare me to other rappers 
Compare me to trappers I'm more Frank Lucas than Ludacris 
And Luda's my dude I ain't trying to diss 
Like Frank Lucas is cool but I ain't trying to snitch 
I'm gonna follow the rules no matter how much time I'm gonna get 
I'm gonna live and die with the decisions that I'm gonna pick 
So fuck the haven for cave in, that's why we don't speak 
Made men ain't supposed to make statements 
End of the story I followed the code cracked the safe 
Other niggas ain't in the game so they practice hate 
Leave that boy Hov alone why don't you 
You don't have to if you don't want to but don't say I didn't warn you 
 
Oh (And I don't need no hook for this shit!!!)Oh... 
I like the party life... 
Break Out The Red Lights 
The city in bright lights 
Welcome To The Party Life 
These girls dressin' skintight... 
Welcome to the 70's--Sweet! 
 
Ordered some Patreezy 
While talkin' to this breezy 
Brushin' off my three-piece, I make this look too easy 
So tall and lanky, my suit? 
It should thank me 
I make it look good to be this hood, 
Meyer Lansky mixed with lucky lefty 
Gangster, effortlessly 
Poppa was a rolling stone-its in my ancestry 
I'm in a whole 'nother league, niggas never catch me 
And I sport fly shit, I should win the ESPY 
 
(Baby I, I said I sport fly shit, I should win the Espy.... 
I'm really in another league, babe....... 
I got a slick mouth, you might wanna roll with me,) 
 
I'm on her bra strap, she's on my dick 
Ain't nothin' wrong with that, that's my bitch 
I be the boss of that, I'm on her shit 
So all you niggas fall back, I'll split ya wig 
She's my little quarterback ....ya dig? 
Cause I'm all that in the sack ....ya, ya dig? 
I spoiled her 
Foiled it if you fakin', Jack 
She's used to million-dollar vacations 
Fuck you all gonna do with that? 
 
When you're blue 
You got nothin' to do 
(Ay, baby, see,.... 
When you're used to Filet Mignon,) 
Head into the party life 
(Its kinda hard to go back to Hamburger Helper...) 
If you're feelin' low 
We got to go 
(Its your choice though, baby....) 
Get into the party life 
 
Is you rollin' rollin' rollin'? 
(Yeah, baby....) 
Is you headin' to the party life? 
(Is you rollin'? 
You can stall out or ball out....) 
Is you rollin' rollin' rollin'? 
Is you headin' to the party life? 
(Make a choice.... 
Its so gangster, baby....) 
Is you rollin' rollin' rollin'? 
 
Sippin' on my vino 
Got me cooler than Pacino 
When DeNiro put together my real life its like CASINO 
They should pay me for some B-roll 
Takin' G-strolls through the ghee-to 
When rap-p-p-pid fire's just a necessary evil 
Hola Hovito', cooler than zero 
B-low fresh one blade, no chemo 
Art with no easel 
Please, its no equal 
Ya boy's off the wall, these other niggas is Tito 
 
Oh... 
I like the party life 
The city in bright lights 
These girls dressin' skintight... 
(Damn,..... 
Ay baby, I said I'm, I'm Off The Wall, I'm like a... 
young Michael Jackson, these other niggas is Tito.... 
Shout out to Randy, Real Talk!) 
 
When you're blue 
You got nothin' to do 
(I'm gonna just let this ride out...) 
Head into the party life 
(I might let it ride out for like 7 minutes, you can groove to it, whatever) 
If you're feelin' low 
We got to go 
(Lets two-step....aaow!) 
Get into the party life 
(Guru, turn the lights down, lets keep it smooth... 
This that shit you roll up, like a little tight J to... 
Sip ya little wine...) 
Is you rollin' rollin' rollin'? 
Is you headin' to the party life? 
Is you rollin' rollin' rollin'? 
Is you headin' to the party life? 
(whatever your vice is, you know? 
Whatever YOU like to do...get into yo' comfort zone, baby.... 
Get into yo' comfort zone.....uh huh) 
 
When you're blue 
You got nothin' to do 
(Head into the party life.....) 
Head into the party life 
If you're feelin' low 
We got to go 
(I don't even want it to stop, tho, forreal tho...) 
Get into the party life 
 
Step into my bedroom 
I call it the Red room 
C-cause it gets h-h-hot-t-t 
I trust you gonna like it 
See, why are we talkin' all this fly shit? 
C-c-c-c-cause I'm the flyest 
Hovito, baby 
No equal, baby 
So, petite n' gold 
Let the beat go 
Now I'm eatin' gold, baby 
Hovito, baby 
No equal, baby 
So, petite n' gold 
Let the beat go 
Now can we go crazy?.... 
(Ooh!!!......) 
 
When you're blue 
You got nothin' to do 
Head into the party life 
If you're feelin' low 
We got to go 
Get into the party life..... 
 
(Yo...nothin' in the world makes me sadder than to see a lonely girl....)[Beyonce talking] 
Delivery me from my enemies oh god 
Defend me from those that rise up against me 
Deliver me from the work of inequities 
the savior from the blood of me 
 
 [Jay-Z - Verse one] 
look, mind state of a gangster from the 40's 
meet the vicious mind of Motown's Berry Gordy 
turn crack rocks into a chain of 40/40's 
sorry my jewelery so gordy 
slid into the party with my new pair of Maury's 
America meet the gangsta Shawn Corey 
hey young world wanna hear a story? 
close your eyes and you could pretend your me 
a cut from the cloth of the Kennedy's 
Frank Sinatra having dinner with the Genovese 
this is the genesis of a nemesis 
mother America's not witnessing 
the Harlem renaissance birthed black businesses 
this is the tale of lost innocences as the incents burn 
and the turn tables turn and that Al Greens plays 
i see my mother's afro as momma taps her toes as she rolls her jays 
and my poppa just left the house, in search of the killer of my Uncle Ray 
and she's trying to calm my nerves, as i observe this is just one day 
and what tomorrow has in store we could never be sure so all we can do is 
Pray 
 
 [Beyonce Talking] 
Because of your strength 
while i walked upon the 
for god is my defense 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
as i head towards my home room I observe the rooms though needles on the ground 
I hear a car go vrooom drug dealer in the BM with the top down 
as the girls start to giggle I ask why you laugh they say "you too little" 
one day you'll understand when you become a man 'bout things you have to get you 
fast forward freeze frame on my pistol 
fist full of dollars ignorance is so blissful 
I didn't choose this life this life chose me 
around here is the shit that you just do 
I just left school, the same BM is pulled over by the boys dressed blue 
they had they guns drawn screaming just move 
unless there something else you suggest we can do 
he made his way to the trunk, opened it like a huh 
a treasure chest was removed 
cops said he'll be back next month 
what we call corrupt he called paying dues 
now when the rules is blurred as they hears a what am I to do 
but pray, pray the lord forgive me 
pray guys goodbye for what I'm about go through 
Pray 
 
 [Beyonce Talking] 
Delivery me in thy righteousness 
it cause me to escape and climb thy air until i am 
Save me lord 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
anyway there's oppression the drug profession 
flourishes like beverages refreshing 
sweet taste of sin everything I've seen made me everything I am 
bad drug dealer or I victim I beg 
what came first moving chickens or the egg 
this is why I be so fresh I'm trying to beat life 
because I can't cheat death 
the truth is the shamelessness ain't stainless is that aim this is 
you know who's game this is 
move coke like Pepsi it don't matter what the brand name is 
I stand behind mine everything I do I'm a man behind mine 
I'm not a angel I'm sure but every night before I lay 
I drop my knees to the floor and I pray 
 
 [Beyonce Talking] 
The name shall endure forever 
The name shall continue as long as the sun will 
Men shall be blessed in him 
All nations shall call him blessed 
In your name I pray 
For you blessingsIt's that Rocafella music.... 
Soulful... 
 
 [Chorus:] 
Say hello 
To the bad guy 
Hello 
They say I'm a bad guy 
I come from the bottom 
But now I'm mad fly 
Say Hello 
They say I'm a menace 
That's the picture they paint 
Hello 
They say a lot about me 
Let me yell ya what I ain't 
Hello 
They say I'm a bad guy 
Say Hi to the bad guy 
Hello 
I come from the bottom 
But now I'm mad fly 
They say I'm a menace 
That's the picture they paint 
They say a lot about me 
Let me tell ya what I ain't 
Say hello 
Hello 
Ay, ay, ay, ay 
They say a lot about me 
Let me tell you what I ain't 
 
I ain't playing, 
Life's short, so I aimed 
I ain't waiting for life to start portrayin' em 
Its twice as hard to get a job that's paying 
So I ain't payin' attention to what you saying 
Rain-drops keep falling on my brain 
Constant in the drop, all flames 
I'm so hot even if the weather change 
I don't have no top, I'm insane 
Remember darkskinned Jermaine? 
Suede in the rain, I'm sorta kinda the same 
Except I'm no lame and you gonna know my name 
Before I go to work and feel my pain 
Saying, I'm a bad guy, why's that? 
Cause when my back's against the wall, nigga, I react 
Secretly though, I know you admire that 
You wish you had the balls to fire back-- 
Say hello, uh, uh, hello, uh. uh 
You wish you had the balls to fire back 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
I ain't no ordinary nigga 
Look around, this ain't what ordinary gets you 
Extraordinary figures 
I'm an extra-ordinary nigga 
Before my name became Jigga 
Before I sang, I had that thang on sippers 
Can't complain bout what they ain't gonna give ya 
That ain't gonna get you shit, might as well give up 
Or get up, get out and get something, nigga 
Get a job, my nigga, or get to dumping 
Only God can judge him, only he without sin 
Can tell me if my means can justify my ends 
Til' then, I'm just gonna fly in the Benz 
Wire my friends through Western Union 
Shh....surprising my sister, knockin' 
Here comes the bad guy again! 
Say hello 
Uh uh 
Hello 
uh uh 
Hello 
Here comes the bad guy again 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
We ain't thugs for the sake of just being thugs 
Nobody do that where we grew at, nigga, DUH! 
The poverty line, we not above 
So out come the mask and glove cause we ain't feelin' the love 
We ain't doing crime for the sake of doing crime 
We movin' dimes cause we ain't doin' fine 
One out of three of us is locked up doing time 
You know what that type of shit can do to a nigga mind? 
My mind on my money, money on my mind 
If you owe me ten dollars, you ain't giving me nine 
You all ain't give me 40 acres and a mule 
So I got my Glock 40, now I'm cool 
And if Al Sharpton is speaking for me 
Somebody get him the word and tell him I don't approve 
Tell him I'll remove the curses 
If you tell me our schools gonna be perfect 
When Jena 6 don't exist 
Tell him that's when I'll stop saying bitch---BITCH! 
 
 [Chorus][Jay-Z:] 
I got these niggas breezy, don't worry about it 
Let that bitch breathe! 
I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less 
What do I think of success 
It sucks too much to stress 
I guess I blew up quick, cause friends I grew up with 
See me as a primi, but I'm not and my nut's big 
I don't know what the fuss is 
My career is illustrious 
My rep is impeccable 
I'm not to be fucked with, with shit 
Let that bitch breathe! 
I'm way too important to be talking extorting 
Asking me for a portion is like asking me for a coffin 
Broad daylight I off ya on switch 
Ya not too bright, goodnight, long kiss, 
Bye-bye, my reply, blah-blah 
Blast burner then pass burner, to TyTy 
Finish my breakfast, why? 
I got an appettite for destruction and you're a small fry 
Now where was I 
Let that bitch breathe! 
I used to give a shit, now I don't give a shit more 
Truth be told, I had more fun when I was piss poor 
I'm pissed off, is this what success all about 
A bunch of niggas acting like bitches with big mouths 
All this stress, all I got is this big house 
Couple cars, I don't bring half of them shits out 
All this ace of spade I drank, just to piss out 
I mean I like the taste, could have saved myself six hours 
How many times can I go to Mr. Chow's, Tao's, Nobu 
Hold up, let me move my bowels 
I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG tell these boys 
 
 [Juan:] 
Y'all ain't got shit on my nigga 
 
 [Jay-Z:] 
I got watches I ain't seen in months 
Apartment at the Trump I only slept in it once 
Nigga said Hova was over, such dummies 
Even if I fell I land on a bunch of money 
Y'all ain't got nothing for me 
Nas, let that bitch breathe! 
 
 [Nas:] 
Success, McLaren, women starin' 
My villain appearance 
Sacred blood of a king 
In my vein ain't spillin' 
Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill, Romero 
Camaro driven 
I climax from paper then ask why is life worth livin' 
Is it the hunt for the shit that you want 
To receive is great but I lust giving 
The best jewelers want to make my things 
I make Jacob shit on Lorraine, just to make me a chain 
Niggas mention of one love, came home to paper in hand 
Ain't got to brag about the feds young man 
Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments 
Google Earth Nas, I got flats in other continents 
Worst enemies want to be my best friends 
Best friends want to be enemies, like that's what's in 
But I don't give a fuck, walk inside the lion's den 
Take everybody's chips, about to cash them in 
Up your catalogue dog, mines worth too much 
Like Mike Jack's ATV Pub, Mottola can't touch 
Let this bitch breathe! 
 
 [Jay-Z & Nas:] 
Let this bitch breathe![1st Verse:] 
Sweet! 
And still there's pain 
If I would have grew up to be a doctor, my nephew would have grew up to do the same 
But since I grew up through the game, and my influence is the same 
And my therapy is music, they ask if you ashamed 
And though I wish I could separate, two things, 
I cannot, so my answer to you remains 
I can walk down the hall or mirrors, in Versailles 
And be so satisfied when I look a myself in the eyes 
No shame, no sir, just big boats and tearing the coast up 
Tight coup like I'm wearing the roadster, 
For any coup I'm bear hugging the holster. 
 
 [Chorus:] 
Hov, alright, alright 
And that may not be 
What you call perfect 
But, but it's my life 
The life, the life, the life 
Once again it's the life 
 
 [2nd Verse:] 
So I make no apologies 
Crooked policies 
So a G a nigga gotta be 
We playing for property, no monopoly 
So I'll pass go and let my nephew follow me 
They say the child shall lead, 
So I take it far as I can, and then we shall see 
Shall we dance with the devil, for a beat 
I pray to God I ain't got two left feet 
Do the hustle, put keys in the street 
Then I'm ballroom dancing, ke-ke'ing in the suite 
Sweet. 
BB's on the feet, TV's in the seat 
Enemies on the creep 
It's so corrupt 
Soak it up 
It's a lesson, never fuck up 
One day you're up, next day you're down 
Long as you stay the same, it will come back around 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [3rd Verse:] 
I'm even better, I'm eating better 
Best thing about it is, my niggas eating together 
With each endeavor 
We reaching levels, niggas ain't seen in like forever 
I'm hyman roth I make all my partners rich 
I can vouch for you, if you ain't a part of this 
So pardon me as I pave my wrist 
As I parlay my chips, Hov! 
Alright, alright, American Gangster, ganster, business like I'm white 
But I'm not, I'm just bright 
So fly with no fear of the flight 
So if y'all hear my plight 
And if you think you can make it this far without a fight 
Couple mistakes here and there, not always right 
But I'm always real, that's how I sleep at night 
 
 [Chorus]Ha Ha 
You're wasting your talent, Randy 
 
It's like I'm paranoid lookin' over my back 
It's like a whirlwind inside of my head 
It's like I can't stop what I'm hearing within 
It's like the face inside is right 
 
Why does it feel like night today? 
Something inside's not right today. 
Why am I so uptight today? 
Paranoia's all I got left 
I don't know what stressed me first 
Or how the pressure was fed 
But I know just what it feels like 
To have a voice in the back of my head 
Like a face that I hold inside 
A face that awakes when I close my eyes 
A face watches every time I lie 
A face that laughs every time I fall 
And watches everything 
 
So I know that when it's time to sink or swim 
That the face inside is hearing me 
Right beneath my skin 
 
It's like I'm paranoid lookin' over my back 
It's like a whirlwind inside of my head 
It's like I can't stop what I'm hearing within 
It's like the face inside is right 
 
You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em 
Cause I don't fuckin need em 
Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good 
But I don't fuckin feed em 
First time they fuss I'm breezin 
Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" 
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch 
Better trust than believe em 
In the cut where I keep em 
til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts 
Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up 
Let em play with the dick in the truck 
Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs 
Divorce him and split his bucks 
Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread 
so you can be livin it up? Shit I.. 
parts with nothin, y'all be frontin 
Me give my heart to a woman? 
Not for nothin, never happen 
I'll be forever mackin 
Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion 
I got no patience 
And I hate waitin.. 
Hoe get yo' ass in 
 
And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now 
RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah 
And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now 
RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah 
 
We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin G's 
Check em out now 
Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s 
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. 
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B 
Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin G's 
We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s 
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. 
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B (b...)I ordered a frappuccino 
Where's my fuckin frappuccino 
Alright, let's do this 
 
When I pretend everything is what I want it to be 
I look exactly like what you always wanted to see 
When I pretend, I can't forget about the criminal I am 
Stealing second after second just cause I know I can but 
I can't pretend this is the way it'll stay I'm just 
Trying to bend the truth 
I can't pretend I'm who you want me to be, so I'm 
Lying my way from 
 
If you feelin like a pimp nigga, go and brush your shoulders off 
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off 
Niggaz is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you 
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder 
 
I probably owe it to y'all, proud to be locked by the force 
Tryin to hustle some things, that go with the Porsche 
Feelin no remorse, feelin like my hand was forced 
Middle finger to the law, nigga grip'n my balls 
All the ladies they love me, from the bleachers they screamin 
All the ballers is bouncin they like the way I be leanin 
All the rappers be hatin, off the track that I'm makin 
But all the hustlers they love it just to see one of us make it 
Came from the bottom the bottom, to the top of the pots 
Nigga London, Japan and I'm straight off the block 
Like a running back, get it man, I'm straight off the block 
I can run it back nigga cause I'm straight with the Roc 
 
If you feelin like a pimp nigga, go and brush your shoulders off 
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off 
Niggaz is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you 
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder 
 
You gotta get (get), that(that), dirt off your shoulder 
You gotta get (get), that(that), dirt off your shoulder 
You gotta get (get), that(that), dirt off your shoulder 
You gotta get (get), that(that), dirt off your shoulder 
 
Your homey Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda 
I just whipped up a watch, tryin to get me a Rover 
Tryin to stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir 
Keep the Heckler close, you know them smokers'll test ya 
But like, fifty-two cards when I'm, I'm through dealin 
Now fifty-two bars come out, now you feel 'em 
Now, fifty-two cars roll out, remove ceiling 
In case fifty-two broads come out, now you chillin 
with a boss bitch of course S.C. on the sleeve 
At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen 
I paid a grip for the jeans, plus the slippers is clean 
No chrome on the wheels, I'm a grown-up for real, chill 
 
Yeah, I remember what they taught to me 
Remember condescending talk of who I ought to be 
Remember listening to all of that and this again 
So I pretended up a person who was fittin' in 
And now you think this person really is me and I'm 
Trying to bend the truth 
But the more I push the more I'm pulling away 'cuz I'm 
 
Lying my way from you 
No no turning back now 
I wanna be pushed aside so let me go 
No no turning back now 
Let me take back my life I'd rather be all alone 
No turning back now 
Anywhere on my own cuz I can see 
No no turning back now 
The very worst part of you 
The very worst part of you is ME 
 
This isn't what I wanted to be, I never thought that what I said would 
have you running from me 
Like This 
This isn't what I wanted to be, I never thought that what I said would 
have you running from me 
Like This 
This isn't what I wanted to be, I never thought that what I said would 
have you running from me 
Like This 
This isn't what I wanted to be, I never thought that what I said would 
have you running from me 
Like This 
 
You 
No turning back now 
I wanna be pushed aside so let me go 
No no turning back now 
Let me take back my life I'd rather be all alone 
No turning back now 
Anywhere on my own cuz I can see 
No no turning back now 
The very worst part of you 
The very worst part of you is me 
 
BeeitchThis is final 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, put our hands together for the astonishing... 
 
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world 
The flow o' the century...always timeless...HOVE! 
Thanks for comin' out tonight 
You coulda been anywhere in the world, but you're here with us 
We appreciate that...uuunnnh... 
 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA 
Was herbin' em in the home of the Terrapins 
Got it dirt cheap for them 
Plus if they was short wit' cheese I would work wit' them 
Boy and we...got rid of that dirt for them 
Wasn't born hustlers I was burpin' em 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
Fo' sheezy my neezy keep my arms so breezy 
Can't leave rap alone the game needs me 
Haters want me clapped and chromed it ain't easy 
Cops wanna knock me, D.A. wanna box me in 
But somehow, I beat them charges like Rocky 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
Not guilty, he who does not feel me is not real to me 
Therefore he doesn't exist 
So poof...vamoose son of a bitch 
 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
Fo' shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
That's the anthem get'cha damn hands up 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
Not guilty ya'll got-ta feel me 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
 
Yo, It starts with 
One thing, I don't know why 
It doesn't even matter how hard you try 
Keep that in mind, I designed this rhyme 
To explain in due time 
All I know 
time is a valuable thing 
Watch it fly by as the pendulum swings 
Watch it count down to the end of the day 
The clock ticks life away 
It's so unreal 
I Didn't look out below 
I Watch the time go right out the window 
Trying to hold on, and didn't even know 
Wasted it all just to 
Watch you go 
I kept everything inside and even though I tried, it all fell apart 
What it meant to me, will eventually, be a memory, of a time when I tried so 
 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
LP, Jay-Z, help me out 
Oh, they havin' a good o' time out there 
It starts with 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
LP, Jay-Z, help me out 
Oh, they havin' a good o' time out there 
It starts with 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A 
LP, Jay-Z, help me out 
Ladies and Gentalmen 
It starts withJigga what, Jigga who? 
Jigga what, Jigga who? 
Jigga what, Jigga who? 
 
You gon' need a vocal in, right? 
 
Motherfuckers wanna act loco, hit em wit, numerous 
shots with the fo'-fo' 
Faggots wanna talk to Po-Po's, smoke em like cocoa 
Fuck rap, coke by the boatload 
Fuck dat, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed 
Left holes through some guy clothes 
Stop your bullshittin, glock with the full clip 
Motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit 
One shot could make a nigga do a full flip 
See the nigga layin shocked when the bullet hit 
Oh hey ma, how you, know niggaz wanna buy you 
But see me I wanna Fuck for Free like Akinyele 
Now I gotta let her take this ride, make you feel it 
inside your belly, if it's tight get the K-Y Jelly 
All night get you wide up inside the telly 
Side to side, til you say Jay-Z you're too much for me 
 
I am a little bit of loneliness a little bit of disregard 
Handful of complaints but I can't help the fact that everyone can see 
these scars 
I am what I want you to want what I want you to feel 
But it's like no matter what I do, I can't convince you, to just believe 
this is real 
So I let go, watching you, turn your back like you always do 
Face away and pretend that I'm not 
But I'll be here 'cause you're all that I got 
 
Got a condo with nuttin but condoms in it 
The same place where the rhymes is invented 
So all I do is rap and sex, imagine how I stroke 
See how I was flowin on my last cassette? 
Rapid-fire like I'm blastin a Tec, never jam though 
Never get high, never run out of ammo 
Niggaz hatin n shit cause I slayed your bitch 
You know your favorite, I know it made you sick 
And now you're, actin raw but you never had war 
Don't know how to carry your hoe, wanna marry your hoe 
Now she's mad at me, causer Your Majesty, just happened to be 
A pimp with a tragedy 
She wanted, us to end, cause I fucked with friends 
She gave me one more chance and I fucked her again 
I seen her tears as she busted in, I said, "Shit.. 
there's a draft, shut the door bitch and come on in!" 
 
I am a little bit insecure a little unconfident 
Cause you don't understand I do what I can but sometimes I don't make 
sense 
I am what you never wanna say but I've never had a doubt 
It's like no matter what I do I can't convince you for once just to hear 
me out 
So I let go watching you turn your back like you always do 
Face away and pretend that I'm not 
But I'll be here 'cause you're all that I've got 
 
I can't feel the way I did before 
Don't turn your back on me 
I won't be ignored 
Time won't heal this damage anymore 
Don't turn your back on me 
I won't be ignored 
 
No 
Hear me out now 
You're gonna listen to me, like it or not 
Right now 
Hear me out now 
You're gonna listen to me, like it or not 
Right now 
 
I can't feel the way I did before 
Don't turn your back on me 
I won't be ignored 
 
I can't feel the way I did before 
Don't turn your back on me 
I won't be ignored 
Time won't heal this damage anymore 
Don't turn your back on me 
I won't be ignored 
 
I can't feel 
Don't turn your back on me 
I won't be ignored 
Time won't heal 
Don't turn your back on me 
I won't be ignoredThank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind 
 
Now can I get an encore, do you want more 
Cookin raw with the Brooklyn boy 
So for one last time I need y'all to roar 
 
Now what the hell are you waitin for 
After me, there shall be no more 
So for one last time, nigga make some noise 
 
Get em Jay 
 
Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that 
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at 
Can't none of y'all mirror me back 
Yeah hearin me rap is like hearin G. Rap in his prime 
I'm, young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead 
Back to take over the globe, now break bread 
I'm in, Boeing jets, Global Express 
Out the country but the blueberry still connect 
On the low but the yacht got a triple deck 
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep 
Grand openin, grand closin 
God damn your man Hov' cracked the can open again 
Who you gon' find doper than him with no pen 
just draw off inspiration 
Soon you gon' see you can't replace him 
with cheap imitations for DESE GENERATIONS 
 
Now can I get an encore, do you want more 
Cookin raw with the Brooklyn boy 
So for one last time I need y'all to roar 
 
Now what the hell are you waitin for 
After me, there shall be no more 
So for one last time, nigga make some noise 
 
What the hell are you waiting for 
 
 [sighs] Look what you made me do, look what I made for you 
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you 
When you first come in the game, they try to play you 
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you 
From Marcy to Madison Square 
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yea) 
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears 
to be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye 
When I come back like Jordan, wearin the 4-5 
It ain't to play games witchu 
It's to aim at you, probably maim you 
If I owe you I'm blowin you to smithereeens 
Cocksucker take one for your team 
And I need you to remember one thing (one thing) 
I came, I saw, I conquered 
From record sales, to sold out concerts 
So muh'fucker if you want this encore 
I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore 
 
I'm tired of being what you want me to be 
Feeling so faithless lost under the surface 
Don't know what you're expecting of me 
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes 
(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow) 
Every step that I take is another mistake to you 
(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow) 
And every second I waste is more than I can take 
 
I've become so numb I can't feel you there 
I've become so tired so much more aware 
I'm becoming this all I want to do 
Is be more like me and be less like you 
 
I've become so numb 
Can I get an encore, do you want more (more...) 
I've become so numb 
So for one last time I need y'all to roar 
One last time I need y'all to roarIf your havin girl problems i feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
Got Mike 
He's got the rap patrol on the gat patrol 
Foes that wanna make sure his casket's closed 
Rap critics that say he's "Money Cash Hoes" 
He's from the hood stupid what type of facts are those 
If you grew up with holes in your zapitos 
You'd celebrate the minute you was havin doe 
So fuck critics you can kiss our whole asshole 
If you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward 
Got beef with radio if we don't play they show 
They don't play out hits well we don't give a shit SO 
All these mags try and use our ass 
So advertisers can give em more cash for ads...fuckers 
I don't know what you take us as 
or understand the intellegence that Jay-Z has 
I'm from rags to ritches nigga we ain't dumb 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one 
If you havin girl problems i feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
 
The year is '94 and in my trunk is raw 
In my rear view mirror is the mother fuckin law 
I got two choices yall pull over the car or 
Bounce on the double put the pedal to the floor 
Now i ain't tryin to see no highway chase with Jay 
Plus i got a few dollars i can fight the case 
So i...pull over to the side of the road 
And i heard "Son do you know why i'm stoppin you for?" 
Cause i'm young and i'm black and my hats real low 
Do i look like a mind reader sir, i don't know 
Am i under arrest or should i guess some mo? 
"Well you was doin fifty five in a fifty four" 
"Liscense and regestration and step out of the car" 
"Are you carryin a weapon on you i know alot of you are" 
I ain't steppin out of shit all my papers legit 
"Do you mind if i look round the car a little bit?" 
Well my glove compartment is locked so is the trunk and the back 
And i know my rights so you gon' need a warrent for that 
"Aren't you sharp as a tack are some type of lawyer or something?" 
"Or somebody important or somethin?" 
Nah i ain't pass the bar but i know a little bit 
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit 
"Well see how smart you are when the K-9's come" 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one 
If you havin girl problems i feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me99 Problems but a bitch ain't one 
If you havin girl problems i feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one 
If you havin girl problems i feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Now once upon a time not too long ago 
A nigga like myself had to strong arm a hoe 
This is not a hoe in the sense of havin a pussy 
But a pussy havin no God Damn sense, try and push me 
I tried to inore him and talk to the Lord 
Pray for him, cause some fools just love to perform 
You know the type loud as a motor bike 
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight 
The only thing that's gonna happen is i'mma get to clappin 
He and his boys gon be yappin to the captain 
And there i go traped in the kit kat again 
Back through the system with the riff raff again 
Fiends on the floor scratchin again 
Paparatzi's with they cameras snappin them 
D.A. tred to give the nigga the shaft again 
Half-a-mil for bail cause i'm African 
All because ths fool was horrasin them 
Tryin to play the boy like hes saccarin 
But ain't nothin sweet 'bout how i hold my gun 
I got 99 problems but this bitch ain't one 
 
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one 
If you havin girl problems i feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one 
If you havin girl problems i feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
shut up when I'm talking to you 
shut up, shut up, shut up 
shut up when I'm talking to you 
shut up, shut up, shut up 
 
I'm about to BREAK 
 
Everything you say to me 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
I need a little room to breathe 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
Everything you say to me 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
I need a little room to breathe 
I got 99 problems 
And I'm about to 
Break[Jay-Z (Sauce)] 
 
 [Jay-Z talking:] 
Sauce mothafuckin, jigga, jigga feel this... 
 
 [Chorus] 
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me 
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes 
 
(This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) 
If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) 
 
 [Verse 1] 
Yeah (If ya want some put ya guns up it's on) 
Ladies know that when the sun's up I'm gone 
(Fuck them bitches though digits though) 
Fuck, now if I bring it niggas know whaat 
(All black gat with the mack out) 
I take shorty to the rest blow her back out 
sun dress undress throw her back out (biotch) 
(in & out like a crack house) keep it moving 
(Face off with the .38 scraped off) 
keep shorty maced can't throw a 4-4 eight ball 
know your place (so it starts when ya least expect) 
(the yeast infect) you don't imitate bitches 
(piece protected) so I hear you hate bitches? 
(love the dough, ya flow irritate niggas) 
fuck them though, it's all out and 
have a fall out I fucked ya girl 
(On top now we call out fuck the world) 
(Face Off!) 
 
 [Chorus] 
(This gos out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) 
If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) 
 
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me 
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes 
 
 [Verse 2] 
(I apologize ladies I'm lovin' ya right) 
you must be used to me trickin' but we fuckin' tonight 
(No wine no dine) no wheelin' the whip 
all night long just feelin' the dick be-i-itch 
(Sauce mothafuckin' slayin' I'm sayin' with no delayin') 
(Can you beat that? I eat that) you just playin' 
nigga you neva know what a chick could do 
(pull the trigga too) check the shit jigga do 
(My crew) mackin' the same bitch (I do) 
(back man stack grands) daddy like I you 
(Love them hoes jigga?) Ha how that sound? 
women start to fall we all bat around 
Let my whole team hit it (scatter 'round) 
you never seen wit it (pat 'em down) 
check for cream in it (These riches) 
got nu'hin to do wit these bitches 
(Nothin' y'all can do to stop these digits) 
(Face Off!) 
 
 [Chorus] 
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me 
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes 
 
(This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) 
If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) 
 
 [Verse 3] 
(Can I touch that?) what's that? Leave it for dead. 
Keep ya arm over ya face my nigga (keep ya head) 
(keep a mind to survive if ya sleep ya dead) 
Stay fly 'til ya die nigga deep with prayer 
(with each word ya say I guess the beef is dead) 
Ladies & gentlemen (like impeach the Prez) 
(Val Kilmer style nigga draw heat with feds) 
(broad day like De Niro shoot all day) 
I'm the man fuckin' the tracks and you just foreplay 
get a hit I, I come through, blow up, you spit out 
What keep it cocked faithfully like salop 
with one in the drop don't get hit up 
(I be the 4-5th flamer hoes bitch shamer) 
(clap cats a snitch she'll give ya whole click name up) 
Look I done came up (and) thought a whole game up 
meet me in the square with one in the chamber 
(The Face Off nigga) 
 
 [Chorus] 
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me 
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes 
 
(This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me) 
If ya feel me (Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) 
 
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew put ya gun up (in the air) if ya feel me 
Fuck 'em all day (fuck 'em all night) we don't love these hoes 
 
 ["Track Masters" is whispered softly 8X in background] 
(This goes out... put ya guns up in the air) if ya feel me if ya feel 
(Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night we don't love these hoes) Yeah!! 
 
This goes out (to my Brooklyn crew)...I'm done talking 
Ran up in the spot gun smoking 
Shot it in the air, one woke him 
Sun-soaking, sweating in his bed like Dunlo 
Thinking to himself what done provoked him 
His thoughts is racing like a vulcan 
I swear I saw a lightbulb when 
He finally figured out who was the culprit 
I said yeah, remember me from Friend or Foe when 
I told you don't ever ever come around here no more 
Time to pay now, you try to rise, I wave the gun - lay down 
This time you're really going to listen to Jay now 
I try to talk sensibly, hoping that eventually you realize 
I had this locked and it just wasn't meant to be 
Plus I had sympathy when we all wore rams with your keys 
And it wasn't afterthought that maybe you'll try to revenge me 
But I was like "Nah", Chromes had to know he was wrong 
And if you caught me on the foul now you would sing me the same song 
Plus you promised 
And that's really no fun 
Yeah I find you in this Motel 6 with all these guns 
And all your goons, lined up in adjoining rooms 
Like some wild cowboys coming to get me at high noon 
But my mind's like a flower in bloom 
*** my eyes just scower the room 
I'm alert, plus I paid the clerk I got it laid out 
You think you the first nigga I played out, in a 2 hotel town? 
Come on now, I peep your Lexus at you 
Left the exit got some niggas on that side of the town 
Money well invested, rudely interrupted 
Jamaican accents *** 
A gun in your face and that's all you can come up with? 
I'm done talking, back up and clap them, one in the abdomen 
Do me a favor dude, get 2 ice cubes I pass them 
Take that ice up, for the nicest MC 
And please yo, tell BIG, he's unbelievable 
Friend or foe BIOTCH![Verse One: Jay-Z] 
Peep the scripts 
Gold honey from the whips 
Jumped out like YO! 
Who the fuck you with 
Flash the juice 'cause that's the rule 
Damn I like a girl who spend a little cash for her shoes *** 
Natural - Can I get at you? 
Saw a spot on the body look nice with a tattoo 
With my name, but didn't want to jump the gun 
I Didn't Know how many niggas was humping hon 
I said I never seen a face like yours before 
And I been around some cute whores before 
That either me or my boys tore it up before 
So I'm hoping you different 
Let you push the 6 
And give you a different life and 
Baby if it's right jump on it in the morning 
And ride it 'til the night 
Want to buy you real jury when it hits the light 
Bitches are momentarily lose they sight 
She said 
 
 [Chorus:] 
I know what boys like 
I know what they want 
I know what boys like, boys like 
I know what boys like 
I know what they want 
I know what boys like, boys like me 
 
 [Verse Two: Lil' Kim] 
So want a cutie with a booty like OW! 
Deeper than the MOW! 
Airy Shine like TADOW! 
But I'm a real bitch so you know I do real things 
Only real bitches live like queens - Get it? 
Safety deposit in the walk-in closet 
Marvel Forts is for matching Rolls Royce's 
In the driveway from Monday to Friday 
I be the richest, shitting on these bitches 
While chickens cluck giving up the butt 
I blaze the cut with the daddy raw buff 
You can call me a slut 
Who gives a fuck 
That's fine nigga shit 
I'm a good with mine 
I can tell by your shoes you know what I want 
Fuck a prenup give me half up front 
My sex be the best so we split these costs 
You can stop saying mine 
And start saying ours 
 
 [Chorus:] 
I know what girls like 
I know what they want 
They want to sex me 
They think I'm sexy 
I know what girls like, girls like me 
 
I know what boys like 
I know what they want 
They want to sex me 
They think I'm sexy 
I know what boys like, boys like me 
 
 [Verse Three: Jay-Z] 
Got the bomb place, fireplace John Blaze 
Victoria Secret lingerie 
Ice like Don King 
The price was like 8 digits a long way, shit 
Got the beachfront view 
V1 too 
Cop you one cop me one too 
On the place, jetski's park by the lake 
No neighbors, make all the noise you want to make 
Invite your friends over 
Better make their way through 
The Benz's and the Rovers before they reach the door 
Vacate, hey wait, a week or more 
First class to and fro, freakin off 
Got the ham things lot 
Champaigne popped 
Cruise around the world 'til the damn thing stop 
Cop rembrandt, handle, pay the lot 
Can't complain, we balling, true or not? 
 
 [Chorus: 2x] 
I know what girls like 
I know what they want 
I know what girls like, girls like 
I know what girls like 
I know what they want 
I know what girls like, girls like me 
 
I know what boys like 
I know what they want 
I know what boys like, boys like 
I know what boys like 
I know what they want 
I know what boys like, boys like meYeah 
I mean like 
I gotta be like the pioneer to this shit, you know 
I was popping that Cristal 
when all y'all niggaz thought it was beer and shit, you know 
Wearing that platinum shit 
when all y'all chicks thought it was silver and shit 
I got to be the pioneer of this shit 
Bottom line 
I'm going to show you how to do it 
Check it 
 
 [Verse One:] 
I spit that other shit 
That's the nice motherfucker shit 
Fed time follow me around, deep cover shit nigga 
You beer money, I'm all year money 
I'm popping, you ain't got to count it, it's all there money 
I never change money 'cause niggas got strange money 
Knocked up, marked up, fucked up in the game money 
I got bail money, XXL money 
You got flash now, one time we'll reveal money 
I spit the hottest shit, you need it I got it shit 
That down South Master P, Bout It Bout It shit 
I got blood money, straight up thug money 
That brown paper bag under your mattress drug money 
You got show dough, little to no dough 
Sell a bunch of records and you still owe dough 
I got 900 and 96 plus 4 more dough 
You crazy, you full gazy, and loco with dough papo 
 
 [Chorus: (4x)] 
 
Imaginary Players 
 
 [Verse Two:] 
And now you got these young cats acting like they slung cats 
All in they dumb rap, talking about how they funds stack 
When I see them in the street, I don't see none of that 
Bad playboy, where the fuck is the hummer at? 
Where is all the ice with all the platinum under that? 
Those ain't rolex diamonds, what the fuck you done to that? 
Y'all rapping-ass niggas, y'all funny to me 
Selling records, being you but still you want to be me 
I guess for every buck you make it's like a hundred for me 
And still you running around thinking you got something on me 
But I done did it 
And y'all want to take my flow, and run with it 
That's cool, I was the first one with it 
Original, jiggas the future flow digital 
Still busting a gat when she gets critical 
Sit it down, I don't want y'all to get it confused 
I rip it down, like I ain't got nothing to lose 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three:] 
Groupies I leave them all fucked 
Niggas - all struck 
Your single was 99 cents, mines was 4 bucks 
Last year, when niggas thought it was all up 
But this year I've done it again, jigga! 
What the fuck 
Nigga stop whining, jigga, still shining 
Niggas kept complaining so I copped more diamonds 
Rock more Versace, ain't nothing sweet 
I still throw t'ree in your body, fleeing the party 
Y'all can't go with me, nope, flow with me 
Bet 50, not dollars either I brought some dough with me 
I flow like the 5 series, in various areas 
And blow holes in your weak niggas theories 
It's funny how one verse can fuck up the game 
You bought a 4.0 you better get your change 
Ain't no platinum in those Cartiers, switch your frame 
Ain't no manicures on board, then switch your plane 
 
 [Chorus]How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in? 
There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong. Nah Mean? 
How can a mother fucka go round and hate a nigga 
he never even met that he dont even know and shit? 
I think this rap shit is all beef 
 
Y'all dont even know every day I'm livin with stress 
Got up out the streets you think a nigga could rest 
Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless 
I'm on the dance floor hot ass vest 
You think I'm freakin' these chicks right? 
I'try not to brush against they chest 
You get a lawsuit for shit like that, I feel trapped 
Swear to everything when I leave this earth 
It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in the dirt 
You could try me fucka but when I squeeze it hurts, fine 
We'll lose two lives, yours and mines 
Gimme any amount of time dont let Ms. Carter grieve 
at the funeral parlor drippin' tears on my sleeve 
Told the judge didn't budge it was him or me 
and I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged 
Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God 
And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be stars...Lucky Me 
 
 [Chorus: Karen Anderson] 
You only know what you see, 
You dont understand what it takes to be me. 
 
I hate all girls with alterior motives 
That's why I'm twenty plus years old, no sons no daughters 
Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters 
Hear the hate in my voice right? I hate that you noticed 
Niggas wanna strip to the bone for shit you own 
Hate a nigga like that faggot, get your own 
Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome 
Knowing one day Im'a have to flip, c'mon 
You know the shit don't stop 'til the Crist don't pop 
And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock 
I'm trapped the whole worlds against me in fact, 
It aint no turning back. Bring It On 
Hate the price of fame cause it cost too much 
Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much? 
Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us 
Steady looking for flaws through us.... Lucky Me 
 
 [Chorus: Karen Anderson, Jay-Z] 
You only know what you see, 
You dont understand what it takes to be me 
You only know what you see, 
(Since I was 4 years old, I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold) 
You dont understand what it takes to be me 
(And now that I've arrived 
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in this world so cold) 
 
Nigga see you in the street, pretend to be friendly 
But I know any type of success breeds envy 
I know in the back of your mind your conjuring ways to hen me 
Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny 
But G's is heaven bound so how I'm gon' receive 
Anything y'all pour to the ground next time throw it up 
And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife I show it up 
Dont grieve for me my art remains 
like a dart from the speaker to your heart 
Spiritually through the portal now my words as a mortal 
Plan to leave without a fight I plant a seed I give life 
Though I can't see past the girls greed to call her wife 
Next time your thinking heist better be precise 
Cause I'm fully prepared. One of us is gon' leave here 
I have no regrets even though I wanna see grow 
My godsons Boogie, Sonny and Rimo 
 
 [Chorus x4][Jay-Z] 
What, tssh, y'all, what 
Jigga, uhh uhh uhh, uh-huh 
Pa-pa, uhh, pa-pa, uhh 
The G, Roc-A-Fella y'all 
 
Who be, in a Japanese restaurant, eating sushi 
Drinking saki, it's me, and my mami with the doobie 
Cutie, smellin like Tiaka, half-Phillipine thing 
For now, let's call her Suki, got me this booty bangin 
Properly, in Versace pants, cocky bow-legged stance 
A thing of beauty, watch me, body crazy 
Tits Firm like Nature, Foxy, Nas and AZ 
Truly reason to bug the toolie and keep laced in jewelry watch me 
Girlie tried to lure me and lock me you gotta get up early 
Cause who's gettin played is not me 
"Surely you jest," she said, "if you thought I was purely 
out for the bucks you woulda bucked stuck and dropped me" 
I said maturely, "You right 
but better safe than sorry, but for the lovebirds 
can move to the suburbs, I need to double check your story 
To make sure that you one of a kind 
And you deserve to be my Sunshine" 
 
 [Chorus: Babyface (variations not listed except for first time)] 
 
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh) 
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh) 
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah) 
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh) 
 
 [Jay-Z, (Foxy Brown)] 
A year gone, and she seein things most chicks only 
hear in songs (uh-huh) keep in gear phenom 
Lots of ice in the air, round the neck the charm (that's right) 
Risked a four to life bid to keep that shit on her arm 
Keep her impressed at all times, cats would love to creep (uh-huh) 
just to say they crept with mine, slept with mine, she said 
 
 [Foxy Brown, (Jay-Z)] 
I ain't deaf nor blind, niggaz stressin 
Hatin cause they less than mine, they wanna sex me 
We chose each other, you actin like you chose me 
They oppose you then, they oppose me 
We could creep at a low speed, the gat in the hosiery 
Double cross you they got to triple cross me 
(I'm thinking that's the way it's supposed to be) Uh-huh 
(One more thing: 
If I ever go broke, would you hit the block for me?) Fo' sho' 
(She replied, eyes open wide) Uhhhh 
(Put that on everything?) I put that on my life 
(Right) 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z, (Foxy Brown)] 
If I needed would you, give me your kidneys? (Uhh, uhh, fo' sho') 
Catch a case you catch it with me? (Mmm, fo' sho') 
Pawn your jewlery to come get me? (You better know) 
Catch me with a chick, forgive me? (Uhh, now that, I don't know) 
They spread rumors, will you defend me, tooth and nail? (Uh-huh) 
They try to frame me, will you be there, till the truth prevail? (uhh) 
(But would you be the same dude, when you blow the roof off sales 
that you was, throwin rocks, at the Roof at 12, nigga?) 
This is the truth I shell, till the loot gets frail 
I put this on my nephews, from the smallest to La'Velle 
Me and you ballin, from the heavens, or the hell 
Won't let you hit the ground if I'm fallin myself 
Now picture me leavin you in this cold world, rollin for delf 
It's me and you in this old girl, we takin the belt 
From the lows, to the highs, to the foes we shine 
Just continue to be my Sunshine (uhhh) 
 
 [Chorus 2X]Uh-huh uh huh uh 
Gee-gee-geyeah 
Baby, watchin, streets 
Uh-huh uh huh uh 
You don't have to look 
Uh-huh uh 
The streets is watching 
Check it, check 
Uh-huh uh, check 
 
Look, if I shoot you, I'm brainless 
But if you shoot me, then you're famous -- what's a nigga to do? 
When the, streets is watching, blocks keep clocking 
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake 
Can't ignore it, that's the fastest way to get extorted 
But my time is money, at twenty-five, I can't afford it 
Beef is sorted like Godiva, chocolates 
niggaz you bought it, I pull the slide back and cock it 
Plan aborted, you and your mans get a pass 
This rhyme, you're operating on fuck time 
Y'all niggaz ain't worth my shells, all y'all niggaz 
tryin to do is hurt my sales, and stop trips to John McNale 
The type to start a beef then, run to the cops 
When I see you in the street got, one in the drop 
Would I rather be on tour getting a, hundred a pop 
Taking pictures with some bitches, in front of the drop 
The streets is watching 
 
 [Chorus] 
When the, streets is watching 
Blocks keep clocking 
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake 
Can't ignore it 
 
Now it's hard not to kill niggaz 
It's like a full time job not to kill niggaz, can't chill 
the streets is watching you, when you froze your arms 
niggaz wanna test you and your gun goes warm 
Can't get caught with your feet up, gotta keep your heat up 
Sweet niggaz running 'round swearing shit is sweeter 
Once you're tagged lame the game is follow the leader 
Everybody want a piece of your scrilla, so you gotta keep it realer 
Kidnap niggaz wanna steal ya 
Broke niggaz want no cash, they just wanna kill ya 
for the name, niggaz don't know the rules 
Disrespectin the game, want you to blow your cool 
Force your hand, of course that man's plottin 
Smarten up, the streets is watching, it's on 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
My street mentality flip bricks forever, know me and money 
we like armed co-defendants, nigga we stick together 
Shit whatever for this cheddar ran my game into the ground 
Hustle harder to see if indictment time came around 
Now you can look up and down the streets and I can't be found 
Put in twenty-four hour shifts but, that ain't me now 
Got a face too easy to trace, niggaz mouths got slow leaks 
Had to hide between my workers, couldn't play those streets 
She got his face like Mercury you jerkin me? Hectic 
Had to call upon my wolves to send, niggaz the message 
I said this: 'Let's play fair and we can stay here 
I'm trying to transform you Boyz II Men like daycare' 
Hey there's money to be made and, niggaz got the picture 
Stopped playing with my paper and, we got richer 
Then hard times fell upon us, half of my staff 
had warrants, the other half, in the casket lay dormant 
I felt like life was cheating me, for the first time 
in my life I was getting money but it was like my concious was eating me 
Was this a lesson God teaching me? Was he saying that? 
I'm playing the game straight from Hell from which few came back 
like bad coke, pimp or die, was my mindframe bad 
Was niggaz thinkin simplify was turning cocaine crack? 
Ain't a whole lot of brain to that, just trying to maintain a stack 
and knock a lot like two trains that's on the same track 
'Fore I get my life together like the oars I bring back 
In the bottom of the pot where no, water gets hot 
Got my transporter take it 'cross the border then stop 
Set up shop with a quarter of rock, here's the plan 
For three straight weeks, niggaz slaughtered the block 
But you know the game is 'lluted, fucked up me and my dues 
One drop can wipe a nigga out, faster than the cops 
and this unstable way of living just, had to stop 
Half of my niggaz got time, we done real things 
By ninety-four became the subject of half of y'all niggaz rhymes 
Public apoligies to the families of those caught up in my street 
But that's the life for us lost souls brought up in the streets 
The life and times of a demonic mind, excited with crime 
And the lavish luxuries that just excited my mind 
I figured, 'Shit why risk myself I just write it in rhymes 
And let you feel me, and if you don't like it then fine' 
The mindstate, of a nigga who boosted the crime rate 
so high in one city they send National Guards to get me 
Ya dig? 
 
The streetsUh-huh, je-je je-je-jeah 
ye-ye-yeah, ye-ye-yeah 
How real is this, how real is this 
Uh-huh huh, Inspect this here, check 
 
 [Verse One:] 
I'm from where the hammer's rung, New's cameras never come 
You and your man's hung in every verse in your rhyme 
where the grams is slung, niggas vanish every summer 
Where the blue vans would come, we throw the work in the can and run 
Where the plans was to get funds and skate off the set 
To achieve this goal quicker, sold all my weight wet 
Faced with immeasurable odds still I get straight bets 
So I felt some more something and you nothing check 
I from the other side with other guys don't walk to much 
And girls in the projects wouldn't fuck us if we talked too much 
So they ran up Tompkins and sought them dudes to trust 
I don't know what the fuck they thought, those niggas is foul just like us 
I'm from where the beef is inevitable, Summertime's unforgetable 
Boosters in abundance, buy a half-price sweater new 
Your world was everything, So everything you said you'd do 
You did it, Couldn't talk about it if you ain't lived it 
I from where niggas pull your car, and argue all day about 
Who's the best MC's, Biggie, Jay-Z, and Nas 
Where the drugs czars evolve, and thugs always are 
At each other's throats for the love of foreign cars 
Where cats catch cases, hoping the judge R and R's 
But most times find themselves locked up behind bars 
I'm from where they ball and breed rhyme stars 
I'm from Marcy son, just thought I'd remind y'all 
 
 [Chorus: 5x] 
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, Ain't nothing nice 
Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own 
 
 [Verse Two:] 
I'm from the place where the chruch is the flakiest 
And niggas is praying to god so long that they Atheist 
Where you can't put your vest away and say you'll wear it tomorrow 
Cause the day after we'll be saying, damn I was just with him yesterday 
I'm a block away from hell, not enough shots away from straight shells 
An ounce away from a triple beam still using a hand-held weight scale 
Your laughing, you know the place well 
Where the Liqour Store's and the base well 
And Government, fuck Government, niggas polotic themselves 
Where we call the cops the A-Team 
cause they hop out of vans and spray things 
And life expectancy so low we making out wills at eight-teen 
Where how you get rid of guys who step out of line, your rep solidifies 
So tell me when I rap you think I give a fuck who criticize? 
If the shit is lies, god strike me 
And I got a question, are you forgiving guys who live just like me? 
We'll never know 
One day I pray to you and said if I ever blow, Let 'em know 
Mistakes ain't exactly what takes place in the ghetto 
Promise fulfilled, but still I feel my job ain't done 
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice 
 
 [Chorus 4x] 
 
 [Verse Three:] 
I'm from where they cross-over and clap boards 
Lost Jehovah in place of rap lords, listen 
I'm up the block, round the corner, and down the street 
From where the Pimps, Prostitutes, and the Drug Lords meet 
We make a million off of beats, cause our stories is deep 
And fuck tomorrow, as long as the night before was sweet 
Niggas get lost for weeks in the streets, twisted off weed 
And no matter the weather, niggas know how to draw heat 
Whether your four-feet or Minute size, it always starts out with 
Three dice and shoot the five 
Niggas thought they douce was live, now hit 'em with trips 
And I reached down for their money, pa forget about this 
This time around it's platinum, like the shit on my wrist 
And this glock on my waist, y'all can't do shit about this 
Niggas will show you love, That's how they fool thugs 
Before you know it your lying in a pool of blood 
 
 [Chorus 4x]Uh-huh, yeah hah 
Never Sprung huh? 
Jigga, Roc-a-Fella y'all 
Never Sprung huh? 
Yeah, peep the repertoire 
Peoples, feel me on this one 
Peoples, feel this 
Never Sprung huh? Know my style 
 
I love bitches, thug bitches, shy bitches 
Rough bitches, don't matter you my bitches 
Gold diggers witcha eyes on my riches 
Can't Knock Your Hustle for real, exotic bitches 
I'm game tight, see it all through the platinum french 
frames with the french name in the same night 
Pull you and your tight friend 
lift your little dress like light wind, hah, then I slide right in 
You know the whole repertoire, U.S. to the U-S-S-R 
Sexin in a Lexus car 
Match wits with the best of y'all the rest of y'all 
is like vege-tables in my presence, check it 
Reminescin to nuttin you ever heard, Iceberg 
Slim baby ride rims through the suburbs 
Funds come in lump sums never ends deferred 
Get money like I'm down South Wednesday the 3rd, it's on 
 
 [Chorus] 
Dough to get, more shows to rip 
I suggest you all roll with the click, who you wit 
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick 
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit 
 
Can't scheme on em, Roc-a-Fella got a team on em 
Chicks dream on him trick cream on him 
Lose it when dudes think it's just music 
Lean on em flash green on em and diamond rings on em 
Sex around the way girls down to mida's 
I'm somethin every girl gotta have like Levi's 
Chiquita, me got more, see I brawl 
You can love me or hate me, either or 
I'ma stay winnin, rock the custom drop Bentleys 
Never eat at Denny's and party like Lil Penny 
can he live? Trick or main chick but if she leave 
just as quick, indian give, ha-hah 
Now what I look like? Givin a chick half my trap 
like she wrote half my raps, yeah, I'm havin that 
you be the same chick when you leave me 
the bankbook and the credit cards and take everything you came wit chorus 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Here's somethin niggaz gon find, not at all funny 
We takin all ya bitches, takin all ya money 
Jay-Z rated A.G. baby that's All Good 
I sink this ball in your hole, I'm Tiger Woods 
If the money was the grass and your ass was tee 
when I hit it with this club love you comin with me 
Grip you right up under your ass, put your back on the wall 
Kinda tipsy, seein triple, so I'm fuckin ya all 
You remind me of this dream I had the night before 
I'm kinda hopin the condom break to have a reason to go raw 
I'm playin, hit the showers, hit the money spot 
Where all the models play and big money is dropped 
Drop the top, let her feel the moonlight it entranced her 
She jumped all in my seat like some private dancer 
I tell you somethin new, if you don't hop down off that 
butter soft shit with your shoes, I'ma step on the gas 
She laughed, put her ass back in the proper place 
She said, 'I played my cards right and look I got the ace' 
I told her (beatboxes) 'Slow down baby' 
You dealin with a baller, who, hold ground crazy it's on 
 
 [Chorus repeat 4X] 
 
Beyatch! Fucka 
Jigga, nine-seven shit, next millenia 
Recognize, realize, it's on 
Roc the block y'all 
Laugh 
It's on[Kelly Price (Jay-Z)] 
Talking: Throughout my life (uh huh uh huh uh) 
no matter what I've done.(Right) 
You've been merciful and your love endureth (yeah) 
through all things (ye yeah) For that 
I am eternally grateful. 
 
 [Verse 1] 
Since my date of birth 
bought you nothing but hurt 
play those video games 
stole change from ya purse 
Sat on the cold court bench 
'til I was arraigned in ya skirt 
Saw the pain in ya face 
through you maintained a smirk 
All you did was motivate me 
don't let 'em hold you back 
What I do I turned around 
and I sold you crack 
I was a bastard for that 
still I'm drowning in shame 
Just remember one thing now 
you're not to blame 
You was newly seperated 
tryin' to escape ya world 
and through my thirst 
I didn't help you 
I just made things worse 
I hated me and everybody 
that created crack 
Had me thinkin' 
the newest kicks and the latest gat 
Still haven't apologized 
so please play this back 
while I try to come to terms 
with such a heinous act 
you know in more than one way 
cocaine numbs the brain 
All I did was think about 
how the funds once came 
then I ran across this memory 
and it stung the brain 
How can you ever destroy the beauty 
from which one came 
That's a savage you're the reason 
why me and these beats make a marriage 
why I rhyme above average and 
I ain't shit 
Glad you got yourself together 
no thanks to me 
Strong and beautiful the way thangs should be 
You must love me 
 
 [Chorus (K. Price) (You must love me repeats in background)] 
Say that you love me 
All I know say that you must love me. 
Ohh yeah 
 
 [Verse 2] 
We used to fight every night 
but I never would suffer 
just smile my big brother's 
tryna make me tougher 
As we grew fussing and fighting continued 
as I plundered through ya stuff 
and snuck ya clothes to school 
Got intense real intense 
as we got older 
Never believed it would lead 
to be popped in one in ya shoulda 
Where my rings? Knew you had it 
'cause you took too long 
as Mickey, Andy, and the girl that bought it looked on 
Huffin' and puffin' gun in my hand 
told you step outside 
Hoping you said no but you hurt my pride 
made our way down the steps 
maybe you thought it was just a threat 
or maybe ya life was just that crazy 
and you was beggin' for death 
try to justify this in my young mind 
but ya drillin' it 
and my ego hurt combined 
drove me berzerk 
Saw the devil in your eyes 
high off more than weed 
confused I just closed 
my young eyes and squeezed 
What a sound 
opened my eyes just in time 
to see ya stumbling to the ground 
Damn what the fuck I done now 
runnin' around in a circle 
thinking I'm assed out 
hot gun burnin' my waist 
ran straight to Jazz' house 
Like a stranger damn I just shot my nigga 
and ran off into the night as if it was not my nigga 
Left the scene how could I go out that way 
Still you asked to see me in the hospital ya next day 
You must love me. 
 
 [Chorus (You must love me repeats in background)] 
What after all the wrong I've done 
I know you must 
 
 [Verse 3 (Starts over last line of chorus)] 
Everything in my power and within my frame 
to protect you from this life and 
keep you away from the game 
But you was one of the few people 
that I can trust 
and the fact of the matter I slang 
these pies for us 
You put the pressure on me dearly 
rarely would you let it go 
Was a thousand and one times 
I had to tell you no 
When it was one of those days 
when nobody was around 
and I needed emergency trip 
out of town 
Searched my mental rolodex 
for all the numbers I know 
As you stared in my face 
asking me could you go 
I'm agreed said sender 
everything'll go smooth 
just tell her what to do 
and everything'll go through 
Strapped her body with them thangs 
as you boarded the plane 
Couldn't explain these strange feelings 
that I caught and the pain 
I'm thinkin' why would I send you 
when I knew it ain't right 
I'm thinkin' what would 
make you sacrifice ya life 
You must love me 
 
 [Chorus (You must love me repeats in background)] 
After everything that I've done wrong 
I know inside you must love me 
I know that you love me 
You showed me I know it 
I know 
Say that you love me 
say that you love me 
I know you must love me 
Oh yes you do 
Inside I know it 
you've always shown it 
you love me yea yeah 
Oh yeah 
I know that you love meYou ain't got enough stamps in your passport to fuck with young H-O 
International ... uugh ... 
show ya young boys how to do this thing 
 
the maturation of Jay-Z Z 
check me out 
 
30's the new 20 nigga I'm so hot still 
better broad better au-to-mo-bile 
bet a yard, nah bet a hundred mill 
then by the songs end I probably start another trend 
I know everything you wan do 
I did all that by the age of 21 
by 22 I had that brand new Ack Coupe 
I guess you can say that my legend just begun 
I'm, young enough to know the right car to buy yet grown enough not to put rims on it 
I got that six-duce with curtains so you can't see me and I didn't even have to put tints on it 
I don't got the bright watch I got the right watch 
I don't buy out the bar, I bought the night spot 
I got the right stock 
I ... got ... stockbrokers that's movin' it like white tops 
I know you like fuck, this is child abuse 
call D.Y.F.S.*, I might just be gettin' nicer 
them young boys ain't ready for real 
30's the new 20 niggia I'm so hot still 
 
 [Chorus] 
I use to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck 
bae boy, now I'm all grown up 
I use to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck 
bae boy, now I'm all grown up 
I use to play the block like that (like that) 
I use to carry knots like that (like that) 
now I got black cards, good credit and such 
bae boy, cause I'm all grown up 
 
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm on fire still 
these young boys is like a fire drills (uugh) 
false alarms (uugh) 
next don? (naah) 
heen got- (on) 
to the next one (Young) 
I'm still here (yeah) 
still here, like Mike gotta stop playin' with these children (yeah) 
I'm a bully with the bucks 
don't let the patten leather shoes fool you young'n, I got the fully in the tux 
that was my past now I'm so grown up 
I don't got one gun army, got a slum army 
to hire a gun army, get you spun like laundry 
and I'll be somewhere under palm trees calmly 
listen to R&B when we get the call he's 
no longer wit' us fire your babysitters 
you lil' fucks fall back for real 
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still 
 
 [Chorus] 
I use to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck 
bae boy, now I'm all grown up 
I use to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck 
bae boy, now I'm all grown up 
I use to wear my hoodie like that (like that) 
pile deep in the hoopty like that (like that) 
now I got black cards, good credit and such 
bae boy, cause I'm all grown up 
 
Yall roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day 
yall young'ns chase, I'm Patron and it's straight 
I like South Beach but I'm in San Tropez 
yall drink Dom but not Rose' (hey) 
your chick shop in the mall 
my chick burnin' down Bergdorf's 
comin' back with Birken Bags 
your chick is like what type of purse is that? 
I'm from the era where niggas don't snitch 
you from the era where snitchin' is the shit 
I'm afraid of the future (why?) 
 yall respect the one who got shot 
I respect the shooter 
yall go to parties to ice grill 
I go to parties to party with nice girls 
you young boys gotta chill 
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still 
 
 [Chorus] 
I use to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck 
bae boy, now I'm all grown up 
I use to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck 
bae boy, now I'm all grown up 
yeah we use to ball like that (like that) 
Now we own the ball team, halla back (holla back) 
now I got black cards, good credit and such 
bae boy, cause I'm all grown up 
 
* [D.Y.F.S. = Division of Youth and Family Services - New Jersey child abuse reporting authority][Jay-Z:] 
Can I kick it? 
Yes you can 
Can I kick it? 
Yes you can 
Can I kick it? 
Yes you can 
 
(I'm kina lovin that) 
 
Can I kick it? 
Yes you can 
Can I kick it? 
Yes you can 
Can I kick it? 
Yes you can 
 
Rocafella forever Hov for life 
Debuts a classical first album four mics 
Shoulda gotta five but niggas lack full sight 
But I don't giva fuck I aint do it for the hype 
I do it for the hustlas for the ghetto for the polites 
For the struggle for those who bubble white 
Who fly four by four roofless cars flawless ice 
For the pain for yall to know what its like 
For every time it rains 40 days and 40 nights 
For every promise made that never saw the light 
I get my own forty acres give me four nights 
Four o's a glock forty for the jackets and I'm right 
All the four four was suffice 
A fourteen year old will look out for the vice 
You can sit back and just wait for the flight 
Boy will take off like I've been strippin all my life 
That's the type of metaphor so right 
That let niggas know I was real before the mic 
Four front rows had the fur at the fight 
No pita on my pita left some room for the divas 
And the sweet will meet up if you out for the night 
On the rampage champaign pours on the floor 
For all those who aint make it here and loss a life 
Wouldn't forget yall for any price 
Not for no hoes not for no ice 
Not for no fame nor for bright lights 
So I'ma end this here real mean but right 
Fourty Four Fours motha fucka I'm NICE[Jay-Z] 
Uh huh yea, yeah 
Duro! 
You gotta let it bump 
Uh, uh, uh like dat yeah 
Come on bring the chorus in 
 
 [1] 
I'd risk everything 
For one kiss, everything 
Yes I'd do anything (Anything?) 
Anything for you 
 
Id do a bid, loose a rib, bust a cap, trustin' that 
Run up to heaven doors, exchange my life for yours 
Leave a steak out the door, mi casa, su casa 
Just remember to turn the lights off in the hall 
My brother from anotha pop, minus one shot 
We Neno and G-Money man, we all we got 
From the stoop to the big dudes, stoppin' us from playin' hoops 
And us gettin mad, throwin' rocks off the roof 
Straight thuggin' man, I thought we would never progress 
But look at us now man, we're young execs 
My nigga Dame, my nigga Biggs, my nigga Tah 
My nigga Ja, my nigga Gotti 
We embody all thats right with the world 
No matter how pretty she is, you never likin' my girl 
That's how we run, when you aint around 
I'll spank ya son, keep him in line 
If you should die, Ill keep him like mine 
God forbid, keep this in mind, my nigga 
 
 [Repeat 1] 
 [Repeat 1] 
 
I know mama, your little baby 
But these streets raised me crazy 
Product of my environment, nothing can save me 
Thanks for letting me bloom for your wisdom for your womb 
For the roof over my head, for my shoes, for my bed 
For the most important lesson in life was when you said 
"Strive for what you believe in, set goals and you can achieve them" 
Thanks for the days you kept me breathing when my asthma was bad 
And my chest was weezin', thanks for the look of love 
Just as I was leavin' 
On nights you thought that I wouldn't come back 
That left you grieving' 
Thanks for holdin' down the household when times was bad 
As the man, I apologize for my dad 
When the rent was due, you would hustle like a pimp would do 
That wasnt the life meant for you 
Youre a queen, you deserve the cream 
Everything that gleamed, everything that shines 
Everything thats mine 
 
 [Repeat 1] 
 [Repeat 1] 
 
Check it out, uh, uh 
Dear nephews, Im writing' this with no pen or a pad 
And Im signing it, ya uncle, ya best friend, and ya dad 
Don't look back if you fall and youre feeling bad 
Im right there from your cut to when you peelin' the scab 
If it comes a time when you aint feelin' your real dad 
Put my face on his body dont wait for nobody 
Dont follow no nigga, that's hoe shit man 
Stand on your own two, do your shit man 
The world is yours 
Some girls are nice some girls are whores 
Don't listen to your crew 
Do what works for you 
Standin' back from situations gives you the perfect view 
You see the snakes in the grass and you wait on their ass 
Bite your tongue for no one and whatever is said 
Take it how they want, a closed mouth don't get fed, 
You know my number when its code red if you're wrong my nigga 
Youre my nephew, fuck it we get it on my lil nigga 
 
 [Repeat 1 until fade][Verse One] 
Life is but a dream to me 
I don't wanna wake up 
Thirty odd years without having my cake up 
So I'm about my paper 
24/7, 365,366 in a leap year 
I don't know why we here 
Since we gotta be here 
Life is but a beach chair 
Went from having shabby clothes 
Crossing over Abbey Roads 
Hear my angels singing to me 
Are you happy HOV? 
I just hope I'm hearing right 
Karma's got me fearing life 
Colleek are you praying for me 
See I got demons in my past 
So I got daughters on the way 
If the prophecy's correct 
Then the child should have to pay 
For the sins of a father 
So I barter my tomorrows 
Against my yesterdays 
In hopes that she'll be OK 
And when I'm no longer here 
To shade her face from the glare 
I'll give her my share of Carol's Daughter 
and a new beach chair 
 
 [Verse Two] 
Life is but a dream to me 
Gun shots sing to these 
Other guys but lullabies 
Don't mean a thing to me 
I'm not afraid of dying 
I'm afraid of not trying 
Everyday hit every wave 
Like I'm Hawaiian 
I don't surf the net 
No I never been on myspace 
Too busy letting my voice vibrate 
Carving out my space 
In this world of fly girls 
Cutthroats & diamond cut ropes I twirls 
Benzs round corners 
Where the sun don't shine 
I let the wheels give a glimpse 
Of hope of one's grind 
Some said HOV, how you get so fly 
I said from not being afraid to fall out the sky 
My physical's a shell 
So when I say farewell 
My soul will find an even 
Higher plane to dwell 
So fly you shall 
So have no fear, just know that 
Life is but a beach chair 
 
 [Verse Three] 
Life is but a dream Can't mimic my life 
I'm the thinnest cut slice 
Intercut, the winner's cup 
With winters rough enough 
TO interrupt life 
That's why I'm both 
The saint & the sinner 
Nice 
This is Jay everyday 
No compromise 
No compass comes with this life 
Just eyes 
So to map it out 
You must look inside 
Sure books can guide you 
But your heart defines you 
Chica 
You corason is what brought us home 
In great shape like Heidi Klum 
Maricon, I am on 
Permanent Vaca 
Life is but a beach chair 
This song is like a Hallmark card 
Until you read each here 
So till she's here 
And she declared 
The aire 
I will prepare 
A blueprint for you to print 
A map for you to get back 
A guide for your eyes 
And so you won't lose scent 
I'll make a stink for you to think 
I ink these verses full of prose 
So you won't get conned out of 2 cent 
My last will and testament I leave my heir 
My share of Roc-AFella Records and a new beach chairUH 
Dig a whole burry yourself niggah 
Go ahead, keep goin i got some nice dresses for you guys over there 
The Incomparable H.O. 
 
UH 
Yesss 
What you see now? 
Came, conquered 
We g'on see now 
Dig a Hole 
Go 'head 
MotherFucker, burry yourself 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
 
I'm still hear mon frerre 
you know the cost i bear 
like, thats why they call you Hov, I'm like yeah 
like air 
little shots go through me, wont tear one tissue 
no tears no tissue, not an issue 
Dont cry for me I peep these niggahz from deep 
By the front row seat even if you dont speak 
Silent pardon, I hear you loud and clear 
You left your fingure print, you aint gotta be there 
I'm just waitin 'till you dig a hole big enough to put your whole body in 
then i'm gon' body them 
It's nothing but a hobby to him 
Simple as serve and volley to him 
Niggahz like "Hov why dont you get at ol' boy" 
Why kill a puppet and leave Cheppetto alive (from pinocio) 
Why not wait till you get em all together, thats when you dig one big hole, one time 
 
What you see now? 
We gon' see clown 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
Go 'head, burry yourself 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
Go 'head 
 
Hows niggahs dissin me? I made it possible 
For niggahs to make history, How is the possible? 
Please explain this shit to me, How is it logical? 
Have we forgot our history? lets open our bibles 
Its like the disciples dissing Jesus becoming his rivals 
Shunning teh one thing that they owe their life to 
You let that man hype you to go against your idol 
Knowing good and god damn well this what I do 
Think I'm in the office I lost my grind 
Thats how kids become orphans, YOU LOST YOUR MIND!? 
I keep my enemies close 
I give 'em enough rope 
They put themselves in the air 
I just kick away the chair 
 
UH 
UH 
We gon' see now 
UH HUH 
We gon' see clown 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
Go 'head, burry yourself 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
Go 'head, Burry yourself 
 
Hov gon' get you, I aint forget your little disrespect 
NO Hov, daddy gon' spank your for that shit you said 
It's hard to do, when you got nothin to prove 
Everbody know you better, you in a lose lose 
Even if you win, ultimately you lose 
Real niggahz like, "why Hov talkin to dude" 
He's sellin low too 
Only time you went plat 
My chain was around yout neck, thats an actual fact 
So I'm praying that it spills outside of the Booth 
Thats when y'all niggahz outside of your truth 
Outside of your league, thats not what you do 
Niggahz throwing ROC signs outside of your coupe 
 [Laughs] 
Dun look at Hove like he dun somethin wrong to em 
He just took what belong to em 
Niggahz playing Checkers wid Chess playing Hov 
This game is over I dunno if y'all know 
You in a hole 
 
We gon' see now 
Uh Huh 
We gon' see clown 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
Go 'head, burry yourself 
Dig a hole 
Dig a hole 
Go 'head, burry yourself[Intro] 
This is the operator with a collect call from "Emory Jones" 
To accept the charges, press one now 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uhh, woo! 
Emory whattup? 
Told you I ain't too good with writin letters and all 
Shit I don't even write rhymes 
But what I will do 
I'ma send you this opus scribed through the airwaves 
Vibe with me 
 
 [Chorus: John Legend] 
I knowwwww.. I knowwwwww 
Some places we can go, some places we can go 
I knowwwww.. I knowwwwww! 
Some places we can go, some places we can go 
Do you wanna riiiiiiide... with me 
Do you wanna RIIIIIIIDE... with me 
 
 [Jay-Z - over Chorus] 
Uh-huh, uh-huh 
Yeah nigga I bet we was kids and had dreams of bein here 
I said "we" cause I'm here, you here! 
Uhh 
Yeah, ride with me, your spot is reserved family 
Cigarette boats, yachts, ain't nowhere we can't go 
We in South Beach and the Hamptons too baby! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You know why they call The Projects a project, because it's a project! 
An experiment, where in it, only it's objects 
And the object for us to explore our prospects 
And sidestep cops on the way to the top - yes! 
As kids we would daydream, sittin on our steps 
Pointin at cars like yeah that's our sex 
Hustlers, prophets, made our eyes stretch 
Swanson got the spot, shit we started our trek 
Some of us made it, most of us digressed 
In the name of those who ain't made it my progress 
Show success please live through me 
See I'm the eyes for Emory, keep him alive 
(This is a collect call) So everytime I press five 
All he wanna hear is his boy talk fly 
Up in the fed, and still holdin his head 
So when he hits the streets he gon' eat through this bread 
Now let's ride 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z - over Chorus] 
Uh-huh, geah 
I'm crushin 'em all for Jones 
MTV, BET, the Grammys, crushed linen, purple label 
All that fly shit we talked about 
Give him some nice pinky rings with the blue diamonds and e'rything 
Hehehe, that's what we talked about right? 
Uh-huh... tried to told you, ride with me 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
International Hov', I told you so 
Forty 40's out in Tokyo 
Singapore, all this from singin songs 
Comin up though we thought slingin raw 
was the end all be all of bein rich didn't we 
Little did I know my mo' potent delivery 
would deliver me, kingpin of the inkpen 
Monster of the double entendre, Coke is still my sponsor 
Heh, the Cola, yeah 
Hova still gettin it in with soda 
Diet, no sir, I ain't lose no weight 
Started from the crates now I'm sittin on a whole case 
Since they got you sittin on that old case 
Our dreams is on hold like Tivo 
So I can't wait 'til you get your date 
I got some temp plates outside of the gate 
We gon' ride 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z - over Chorus] 
Uh-huh, uh-huh 
Geah 
Don't even worry about it though, you ain't missed nuttin 
It only gets better, they got the Maybach Coupe now 
Look like the Batmobile, the Phantom the top just comes off that joint 
It only gets better 
They caught your body they can't trap your mind 
Keep your spirit alive read your books 
Matter of fact, let me take you somewhere 
Vibe with me, c'mon 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Now me and my lil' mama, Kita and Tata 
Juan and Dez out in San Tropez 
Jay round in Gabana, sneakin marijuana 
You know that Mary J. give you +No More Drama+ 
Lost a couple friends this whole shit got weird 
But when you get home you know your spot's reserved, ya heard? 
I put my niggaz on, my niggaz put they niggaz on 
Now we all somewhere fun, chillin in the sun 
I ain't forget you cousin, hehe 
Yeah nigga y'all can wear sneakers on the beach if you want to 
Y'all niggaz come and c'mon, playin money marathon 
My young'n is LeBron, you know what that makes me baby 
Big Homey! Hehe, Emory what's up? 
 
 [Chorus - starts over last few lines of above] 
 
 [Jay - over Chorus] 
Wan' ride with us? You're more than welcome 
We ain't on no bullshit, uhh 
Put your feet up 
Big Tye I see you boy 
Guru, I don't usually do this but 
Roll me up son man 
Let me get mellow on this shit right here 
Uh-huh, yeah 
Uh-huh, white paper though nigga 
Can't even fuck with those blunts 
White paper baby, old school nigga gimme a joint 
Smooth it out, Young H.O. 
Henry Jones 
Word to my momma we livin![Intro: Jay-Z + (Beyonce)] 
IT AIN'T FOR EVERYBODY! 
(Uhhhh) Welcome to Hollywood baby 
(Take a picture) Uh huh 
You coming with? (Let's not even talk about it) 
Let's do it (Let's Go!) 
 
 [Bridge 1: Beyonce + (Jay-Z)] 
(Uh huh) I see your jealousy as you watching 
(I see you watching me baby) You watching (It's all good) 
It's kinda sexy to me how you watching (I love it) You watching 
(Uh huh come on) 
I see your face (I see your face) 
You wanna touch it (You wanna touch it) 
Come to my place (Come to the crib) 
And let's discuss it (Let's chop it up) 
Tonight you'll be (Tonight you gonna be a superstar baby) 
a superstar 
come let me sign you up 
(let's get into it) 
 
 [Chorus: Beyonce + (Jay-Z)] 
Ooh it's the lights (You blinded by the) 
Action! (You need that) 
Hollywood 
Ooh it's the lights (You blinded by the) 
Satisfaction! (You need that) 
Hollywood 
(Uh huh come on) 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Paparazzi spots me 
In the lobby 
Of my high-rise 
I hide 
Behind my shades 
Cause the fame is blinding my eyes 
My god 
I know how Ozzie Oz 
Once had felt when he was as high 
As I have got 
I have got 
To make this stop 
People often warn me 
That the fame ain't for the vain if heart 
It'll change those 
Who they had love for you 
Into strangers 
When your fame starts 
It's a chain reaction 
Locomotion like when the train departs 
Stranger 
Things have happened 
Rapping 
Stacking 
Platinum plaquin' 
Born in Brooklyn got a place in Manhattan 
Going back to Brooklyn 
To escape the madness 
When your friends is 
Chris and Gwyneth 
When your girl is more famous 
Then you then is 
Time to get all your windows tinted 
Keep your eyes squinted 
It's gonna flash any minute 
The music biz is like musical chairs 
Its about where you standing when the music stop spinning 
In a 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Beyonce Verse + (Jay-Z)] 
You got to get it 
oh oh oh oh 
oh oh oh 
Do you want it 
oh oh oh oh 
oh oh oh 
But you don't need it 
oh oh oh oh 
oh oh oh 
What do you do (now that you got what you want) 
oh oh oh 
What do you do (oh you want more?) 
oh oh oh 
Hey 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
Hey mister 
Pay sixa 
A lista 
You're in the mist of 
The ride of your life 
But you gotta keep them hits up 
Can't put your guard down 
Gotta keep your mitts up 
Take a sip sir 
It's so in toxicating 
ain't it 
try not to get jaded 
Hollywood's been good to ya 
Startin' feel like birds to ya 
Don't lie 
Gonna fly 
You addicted to the lights 
Without the fame 
How you gonna survive 
It's like living on 
Heroine 
You so high 
 
 [Bridge 2: Beyonce + (Jay-Z)] 
And everybody warning you about it (Try to told you) 
And once you taste you can't live without it (It's addictive) 
Not cause you choose to not live without it (Sure you want this baby) 
It's now a part of you (It's a part of you) 
It's now a part of you 
And everybody warning you about it (I see you blinded) 
And once you taste you can't live 
 
 [Chorus (with minor ad-libs from Beyonce)] 
Ooh it's the lights (It's the lights) 
Action! (Action) 
Hollywood (Hollywood) 
Ooh it's the lights (Satisfaction) 
Satisfaction! (So addictive) 
(Hey) Hollywood (Hollywood) 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
Wanna be seen 
Male groupies 
now you've become what you once despised 
James Dean 
John Belushi 
Blow your whole life 
Tryna live in the lights 
Heroins following Marilyn 
Hoppin' over the edge 
just like Janice Joplin 
River Phoenix 
Jimi Hendrix 
All of them ended by 
Hollywood 
Thank God for Hollywood 
Hollywood 
Sure you want this baby? 
 [Throughout end of verse 3] 
(Oh oh oh oh 
oh oh oh) 
 
 [Outro: Jay-Z] 
Hollywood 
Most addicted drug in the world 
Want the fame 
Want the lights 
Ha Ha Ha[Verse One] 
 
Momma I made it 
Ya'll know how I do when the Doc do it 
I fly thru it 
That's how I operated 
Momma I made it 
Ghetto like the grease when you getting your hair braided 
Sweeter than your sister Kool Aid is 
Hooray is the underdog 
Now my feet under desk 
It's the presidential favorite 
Can't believe I got away with my earlier stages 
Being on stages 
Having my way with 
Congratulations 
Ya baby boy's a made man 
I'm a hold the fam down at least 3 generations 
I'm talking when spaceships are around 
And ya great, great grands 
Reminiscing about foundation you gave 'em 
For repairing my relationship with my pops before he passed 
All I ask is you raise your glass for this celebration 
Toast to the most beautiful girl in the world 
My inspiration, thanks for your information 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Momma I made it [2x] 
 
 [Verse Two] 
 
I'm in BK where 
It ain't everyday that you make it out 
To be on top of yachts waving 
I remember you saving for the light bill 
Paid the rent with a light bill 
Now my crib dark as a basement 
And you'd lock up the when you wasn't home 
We was communicating like the money you made wasn't basic 
Our cable was basic 
No HBO, no WHT 
Just Ralph McDaniels on the station 
I aggravated you for Atari and Coleco Vision 
Pinstripe Lee's when the first day day of school came 
I was OK with not having everything as long as Saturdays 
You had the Commodores playing 
The expression on your face was priceless 
It's still with me till this day 
Baby girl I won't erase it 
I go to my grave with the memory of the sacrifice you made 
You deserve a standing ovation 
Momma I made it 
 
 [Chorus 3x] 
 
 [Verse Three] 
 
Now your lil misfit makes sure every day is Christmas 
Write down your wish list 
Sixes, wrist is glistening 
You don't even like jewels 
But you can missing anywhere you like to 
Where the water's light tube 
Anything you order, sign it to your nice room 
Leave an extra tip Ma 
Be extra nice to 'em 
CEO Carter Foundation 
Wow I know pop's looking down 
I know Colleek somewhere up in the clouds 
Like go get 'em Grandma, make me proud 
Didn't have a man in the house so you made one 
So I act like ya husband and I'm only ya son 
I told you one day I'll get you a home 
But I didn't know it would possibly be in Rome 
She told me don't wait on nobody 
Get your own, so with me myself & my microphone I made it 
 
Momma I made it.... 
 
Momma I made it.... 
 
 [Music slowly fades out][Intro (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James)] 
I don't know what life will be in H.I.P. H.O.P. 
Without the boy H.O.V. (I will be, I will be) 
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) 
So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) 
When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) 
When kingdom come, I'm ready (I will be) 
When kingdom come (Yeah, yeah) I'm ready 
(Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!) 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Now everywhere I go they like HOV you back 
Up out the corner office out the coldasack 
Where's Iceberg Slim he was the coldest cat 
Get your swag back daddy where your focus at 
Got to admit a little bit I was sick of rap 
But despite that the boy is back 
And I'm so evolved I'm so involved 
I'm showing growth, I'm so in charge 
I'm C.E.O. and yeah going god 
I'm so indebted, I should have been deaded 
Selling blow in the park, this I know in my heart 
Now I'm so enlightened I might glow in the dark 
I been up in the office you might know him as Clark 
But, just when you thought the whole world fell apart 
I - take off the blazer loosen up the tie 
Step inside the booth Superman is alive 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James)] 
(I will be) The King Of New York (I will be) New York 
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) 
So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) 
When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) 
When kingdom come, uh huh (I will be) 
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah, yeah) 
So after this flow you might owe me a favor 
(Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!) 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
I hear "hurry up Hov" when I'm out in the public 
Cause niggas like it, you love it; We be it, you're of it 
You breathe it, we need it; bring it back to the hustlas 
Had to dust off the Hammer, dance - can't touch this 
C'mon playboys, bring the cars back out 
Cause ya boy Hov is back, you know them broads coming out 
Got 'em dancing on the bankhead, like they from Bankhead 
Fuck Cristal, so they ask me what we drinking 
I thought dudes remark was rude okay 
So I moved on to Dom, Krug Ros 
And it's much bigger issues in the world, I know 
But I first had to take care of the world I know 
I'm from the bottom, so I still feel em from the bottom 
Underdog before my cape, still couldn't stop him 
Flash Gordon when recording, spark the light in the dark 
Peter Park, Spiderman, all I do is climb the charts 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James)] 
(I will be) The King Of New York (I will be) New York 
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) 
So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) 
When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) 
When kingdom come, uh huh (I will be) 
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah, yeah) 
So after this flow you might owe me a favor 
(Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!) 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
Just when they thought it was all over 
I put the whole world on my back and broad shoulders 
The War-Hova, but who you know took over tracks like that 
Guess what New York, New York - we back 
And I ain't never been afraid of a drought 
Since I was six, seventeen been getting money down south 
Bout it, bout it, Master P 
Ask the nigga Pimp C, ask my homey Bun B 
I run the streets the streets don't run we 
Y'all run, we chill still waters run deep 
I repeat, sing a long with me 
I run the streets the streets don't run we 
Ladies saying where you been Superman? 
When niggas spending ten million in media on my hands 
The Bruce Wayne of the game have no fear 
When you need me just throw your ROC signs in the air, yeah! 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Sample courtesy of "Superfreak" by Rick James)] 
(I will be) The King Of New York (I will be) New York 
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah) 
So after this flow you might owe me a favor (Yeah) 
When kingdom come, you ready? (I will be) 
When kingdom come, uh huh (I will be) 
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior (Yeah, yeah) 
So after this flow you might owe me a favor 
(Hey! Hey! Hey Hey Hey!!!)Uh, uh, uh, uh 
It's not a dis song, it's just a real song 
Feel me? 
 
I heard motherfuckers saying they made Hov 
Made Hov say, "OK so, make another Hov" 
Niggaz wasn't playing they day role 
So we parted ways like Ben and J-Lo 
I should've been did it but I been in a daze though 
I put friends over business end of the day though 
But when friends, business interests as they go 
Ain't nothing left to say though 
I guess we forgot what we came fo' 
Should've stayed in food and beverage 
Too much flossing 
Too much Sam Rothstein 
I ain't a bitch but I gotta divorce them 
Hov have to get the shallow shit up off him 
And I ain't even want to be famous 
Niggaz is brainless to unnecessarily go through these changes 
And I ain't even know how it came to this 
Except that fame is 
The worst drug known to man 
It's stronger than, heroin 
When you could look in the mirror like, "There I am" 
And still not see, what you've become 
I know I'm guilty of it too but, not like them 
You lost one 
 
 [Chorus w/ Marsha (Jay-Z)] 
Lose one, let go to get one 
Left one, lose some to win some (You lost one) 
Story of a champion, sorry I'm a champion 
You lost one 
 
I don't think it's meant to be, be 
But she loves her work more than she does me 
And honestly, at twenty-three 
I would probably love my work more than I did she 
So we, ain't we 
It's me, and her 
'Cause what she prefers over me, is work 
And that's, where we, differ 
So I have to give her 
Free, time, even if it hurts 
So breathe, mami, it's deserved 
You've been put on this earth to be 
All you can be, like the reserves 
And me? My time in the army, it's served 
So I have to allow she, her, time to serve 
The time's now for her 
In time she'll mature 
And maybe we, can be, we, again like we were 
Finally, my time's too short to share 
And to ask her now, it ain't fair 
So yeah, she lost one 
 
Lose one, let go to get one 
Left one, lose some to win some (Oh yeah, she lost one) 
Story of a champion, sorry I'm a champion 
You lost one 
 
My nephew died in the car I bought 
So I'm under the belief it's partly my fault 
Close my eyes and squeeze, try to block that thought 
Place any burden on me, but please, not that lord 
Time don't go back, it go forward 
Can't run from the pain, go towards it 
Some things can't be explained, what caused it? 
Such a beautiful soul, so pure, shit 
Gonna see you again, I'm sure of it 
'til that time, little man I'm nauseous 
Your girlfriend's pregnant, the lord's gift 
Almost lost my faith, that restored it 
It's like having your life restarted 
Can't wait for your child's life, to be a part of it 
So now I'm child-like, waiting for a gift 
To return, when I lost you, I lost it 
 
Lose one, let go to get one 
Left one, lose some to win some (Colleek, I lost one) 
Sorry I'm a champion, Colleek, you're a champion 
You lost one[Intro: News Excerpts] 
The damage here along the gulf coast is catastrophic. 
There's a frantic effort under way tonight to find 
survivors. There are an uncounted number of the dead tonight... 
People are being forced to live like animals... 
We are desperate... 
No one says the federal government is doing a good job.. 
And hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people... 
No water, I fought my country for years.. 
We need help, we really need help.. 
In Baghdad, they they drop, they air drop water, food to people..why cant they do that to their own people? 
The same idiots that can't get water into a major American city in less than three days are trying to 
win a war... 
 
 [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] 
People was poor before the hurricane came 
But the down pour poured is like when Mary J. sang 
Every day it rains, so every day the pain 
But ignored them, and showed em the risk was to blame 
For life is a chain, cause and effected 
Niggas off the chain because they affected 
It's a dirty game so whatever is effective 
From weed to selling kane, gotta put that in effect 
Wouldn't you loot, if you didn't have the loot? 
Baby needed food and you stuck on the roof 
Helicopter swooped down just to get a scoop 
Through his telescopic lens but he didn't scoop you 
The next five days, no help ensued 
They called you a refugee because you seek refuge 
The commander-in-chief just flew by 
Did he stop? No, he had a couple seats 
Just proved jet blue he's not 
Jet flew by the spot 
What if he ran out of jet fuel and just dropped 
hu,That woulda been something to watch 
Helicopters doing fly-bys to take a couple of shots 
Couple of portraits then ignored 'em 
He'd be just another bush surrounded by a couple orchids 
Poor kids just 'cause they were poor kids 
Left 'em on they porches same old story in New Orleans 
Silly rappers, because we got a couple Porches 
MTV stopped by to film our fortresses 
We forget the unfortunate 
Sure I ponied up a mill, but I didn't give my time 
So in reality I didn't give a dime, or a damn 
I just put my monies in the hands of the same people that left my people stranded 
Nothin' but a bandit 
Left them folks abandoned 
Damn, that money that we gave was just a band-aid 
Can't say we better off than we was before 
In synopsis this is my minority report 
Can't say we better off than we was before 
In synopsis this is my minority report 
 
 [Verse 2 - Ne-Yo] 
So many times I'm, covering my eyes 
Peeking through my fingers 
Tryin' to hide my, frustration at the way that we treat 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
Turn on the TV, seein' the pain 
Sayin' such a shame 
Then tryin' to go on with my life 
Of that, I too, am guilty 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
So we send a lil' money, tell 'em it's alright 
To be able to sleep at night 
You will pay that price 
While some of these folks' lost their whole life 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
Now it wasn't on the nightly news no more 
Suddenly it didn't matter to you no more 
In the end almost nothing changed 
What the hell, what was that for? 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
 
 [Outro: News Excerpts] 
...Buses are on the way to take those people from New Orleans to Houston 
...They lyin' 
...People are dying at the convention center 
...Their government has failed them 
...George Bush doesn't care about black people[Verse One] 
 
Pops sped off 
Left Mom with a bundle of 
Joy ya boy 
Smack dab in the jungle 
Took tunnel vision 
But he would soon become a mogul 
But first he brought that crack back like a yo-yo 
Don't play with my yo-yo 
Loco niggas in the hood 
First niggas hating on me 
It's all good 
I'm buying things like my sh*t don't stink 
Gucci links and Gucci gooses 
Watching too many movies 
Bulletproof this 
Had some nerve 
Like pulling tooths 
When you sixteen, coming through roofless 
Yeah ya boy ruthless 
Like Ice Cube was 
Turn the whole city on 
I'm the new plug 
So if this is your first time hearing this 
You are about to experience someone so cold 
A journey seldom seen 
The American dream 
From the bottom to the top of the globe 
They call me HOV 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
They gunning for me 
Wanna see me fall 
You know my story 
I been through it all 
Nights I felt like dying 
But I ain't crying 
What didn't kill me 
Made me strong as iron 
I am 
I am 
Oh my God, HOV 
 
 [Verse Two] 
 
Now I'm knee-deep in the concrete 
Like the streets made of quicksand beyond deep 
I got a chemical romance, two left feet 
So now I dance with the devil, please GOD 
Save me from the black parade, release me 
My life like Grand Theft Auto PSP 
I'm in the Volvo puffing on the la la 
Ducking from the po-po 
Every time I drive by 
Say hi to the bad guy 
All my momma friends is like hmm hmm hmm 
Would you just look at him 
So sorry dear momma for your embarrassment 
Give me a couple years I pray I never sin again 
Got all these rival dealers trying to do me in 
And all these little rappers don't know how prepared for them I am. I am. 
I'm feeling like the world's against me Lord 
Call me crazy but strangely I love the odds 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three] 
 
Now these baby ballers toy rappers 
Calling out my name to bring the boy backwards 
Shooting air balls at the basket 
What you call money I paid more in taxes 
I got crowned King down in Africa 
Down in Nigeria do you have any idea 
Sold out shows in Seoul Korea 
Jo-berg, Dublin, Tanzania 
Lunch with Mandela, dinner with Cavalli 
Still got time to give water out to everybody 
Everybody fall back 
Y'all rapping I'm reenacting 
CNN you see it's accurate 
ESPN see me in action 
Monday nights when the half ends 
When you ten years in holla back then[Intro] 
This is State Of Emergency 
What you want me to do? I'm sorry! 
I'm back..hehehe 
UH, huh uh, lets go get 'em Just 
 
 [Chorus] 
HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY 
Show me what you got, lil mama 
Show me what you got, pretty lady 
Show me what you got, shorty 
Show me what you got, baby 
Hands up and.. waves, waves, waves, waves 
 
 [Verse 1] 
Give the drummer some 
I already gave the summer some 
It's the winter's turn 
Hovie Hov is the coldest, I'm just getting better with time 
I'm like Opus One 
Young, no two alike like a snowflake 
OK! Show me what you got baby 
Words is slurring engine purring 
Mami fronting but I'm so determined 
Shots of Patron, now she's in the zone 
I ain't talking about the two-three 
Mami in the zone like the homie 2-3 
Jordan or James, makes no difference 
Boo I'm balling the same 
I am the Mike Jordan of recording 
You might want to fallback from recording 
But you right it's not important 
So it forced him to go for the hype 
For being brave and may applaud him 
Well misery I will assure them 
Oh baby just ignore them 
Truth or dare mami listen and learn 
I got a drop I just took off the top, it's your turn 
 
 [Chorus 2X] 
 
 [Verse 2] 
H.O.V.A., gold bottles of that ace of spade 
Why even fool with these other guys, they all stingy 
All these dudes know how to say is gimme 
Gimme some head, gimme some brain 
Gimme your number, gimme your name 
But if I get one night baby girl I swear 
I'll make you tell these other dudes gimme got you here 
I'll take you shopping, take long trips 
I'll take the cork off, you can take sips 
I'll take you there, take my time 
Take you clothes off, I'll take off mine 
Ma, show me what you got 
Hovie in the spot tried to told you I was hot 
Tell these other dudes it's a wrap 
Get the fuck out the throne you clone, the King's back! 
Y'all got less than 2 months to get y'all thing together 
Good luck! 
 
 [Chorus 2X] 
 
Ladies and gentlemen the most incredible! 
H-O, uh huh 
H-O, uh huh 
Is back! 
Justin Blaze 
You Blaze that 
Roc-A-Fella Records 
Dynasty continues, y'all die 
Uh Huh, peace![Intro: snippets of Eddie in "Super Fly"] 
You know, you've got this.. fantasy in your head about 
getting outta the life and, setting the corporate world on its ear 
What the FUCK you gonna do except hustle? 
Besides pimpin... you really ain't got the stomach for that 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
The game's fucked up 
Nigga's beats is banging, nigga your hooks did it 
Your lyrics didn't and your gangster look did it 
So I would write it if y'all could get it 
Being intricate'll get you wood, critic 
On the Internet, they like you should spit it 
I'm like you should buy it, nigga that's good business 
Hehe, forget this rap shit I need a new hustle 
A little bit of everything, the new improved Russell 
I say that reluctantly cause I do struggle 
As you see I can't leave so I do love you 
But I'm just a hustler disguised as a rapper 
In fact you can't fit this hustle inside of a wrapper 
Back when crack was 
What these pills are, I was a real star 
Complete with real, cars, no video ones 
You can come and set up a camera, let the video run 
And my real life, complete with real, ice 
VVS boulders oh they're visibly set 
Head and shoulders, my invisible neck 
You see Hova, wasn't digital yet 
Befo' Steve Jobs, made the iPod 
Was getting head, jobs, we call that intimate 
Back when rappers wouldn't dare play lyrical roulette 
With a automatic weapon I was rapping with a tec 
(Fresh) like (Mannie) be, chain like anti-freeze 
Shoebox full of cash, dealer man hand me ki's 
Pantries full of Arm & Hammer, don't take Nancy Drew to see 
what it do, I'm a damn G 
Just sent a million dollars through a hands free 
That's big money talk, can you answer me? 
Before the answer was a 3 
I was down in Georgetown with a Hoya chick, lawyer chick 
Sure he's rich now cause he saw the shit, all this shit 
That's why they call him Hov', cause he came before all this shit 
Bought a 6, quarter seven, skipped on them quarter eights 
Bought a 9 for non-stop glock work all the time 
Woo! Guess who's back? 
Since this is a new era, got a fresh new hat 
Ten year veteran, I've been set 
I've been through with this bullshit game but I never quit 
I used to think rapping at 38 was ill 
But last year alone I grossed 38 mill' 
I know I ain't quite 38 but still 
The flow so (Special) got a (38) feel 
The real is back, heheheheI try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change) 
I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change) 
 
When the singer Rob calls the police on me y'all niggaz ran out and copped the CD 
see what I discovered is y'all snitch lovers I might speak, but I don't fuck with nobody 
see What Doug, Jimmy & L.A. don't know, these youngins crossed the line with Hov, I'm letting it blow 
had the papers writing stories like: "didn't they know, this what happen when they made that rapper CEO" 
I know, its just a matter of time before the steady hate start to overflow then the leavey breaks 
and my conscience go, you escape the rico, why throw everything away over ego? 
you paper chasing, they paper hating, billionaire Hov you on the pace to make it 
fuck that exclamation comma quotations I love drama period 
 
I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change) 
I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change) 
 
smelling like Petrone singing dirty rap songs, tip-toeing in the crib like 6 in the morn 
every day its the same I said in blueprint that I'd never change its just a part of the game 
respect me I'm a thug, I might cool out for a sec but expect me to bug its in my blood 
but if my chick leave me she gonna leave me for something, she gone leave me cause Halie, 
she ain't gonna leave me for nothing, picture me getting up with something sleazy 
something something so easy you could take out its beat like nothing something 
soon as you finish cutting you like leave me please, not me I need Angelina Joli's company, 
so I ain't gonna make a move unless I got I got a plan b, that'll happen the day i have a baby by free, 
not to say that anything is wrong with free, just to say that ain't nothing wrong with me 
If my hands in the cookie jar, know one thing, ima take the cookie not leave my ring 
if my hands in the cookie jar know one thing ima take (laughs) y'all know what I mean 
 
I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change) 
I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change) 
 
unh, you little niggaz ain't deep you dumb, you niggaz ain't gangsta you gum, I chew little niggaz 
hock-too, spew little niggaz, I can only view little niggaz like little niggaz 
but in lieu of little niggaz trying to play that boy, I phew phew little niggaz with the latest toy 
unlike you little nigga, I'm a grown ass man, big shoes to fill nigga, grown ass pants 
prolly hustled with your pops, go ask your parents its apparent you're staring at a legend 
who, put a few little niggaz in the they place before trying to eat without saying they grace before 
blasphemous bastard get your faith restored you're viewing your version of the lord god 
mc little nigga, applaud, or forever burn in the fire that I spit at y'all I rebuke you little nigga 
the meek shall parish, ill roof you little nigga, I'm a project terrorist, cute you little niggaz 
think you in my class substitute little niggaz soon feel my wrath, I mute you little niggaz 
you a little nigga, I'll child abuse you little nigga, I'm a ill nigga, now shoot you little niggaz 
go somewhere and play, cause the day I loose to you little niggaz, no day 
 
I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change) 
I try to pretend that I'm different but in the end we're all the same (all the same) 
I pray to god, father forgive a nigga I'm never gonna change (gonna change)[people clapping] 
Yo whassup everybody this is Mariah Davis, Mad Wednesday's 
we here tonight to have a good time ("Yo! Start the show! Start the show!") 
Wait a minute; I see my man over there Jay-Z 
Jay-Z, Dam Deass let me hear that lil' tape of yours, and it's fat 
Why don't you come up here and kick a lil' freestyle 
Put that champagne down, and kick a lil' freestyle for me tonight 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) [repeat 3X] 
Y'all motherfuckers musta hear that Tribe Called Quest, let's do it again 
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) [repeat 3X] 
Well I'm gone... check this out 
Too much West coast dick-lickin, and too many niggaz on a mission 
Doin your best Jay-Z rendition 
Too many rough motherfuckers, I got my suspicions 
that you're just a fish in a pool of sharks nigga, listen 
Too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a hoe 
I'ma call you a hoe, too many bitches are shady 
Too many ladies give these niggaz too many chances 
Too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is 
Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances 
No question; Jay-Z got too many answers 
I been around this block, too many times 
Rocked, too many rhymes, cocked, too many nines, too 
To all my brothers it ain't too late to come together 
Cause too much black and too much love, equal forever 
I don't follow any guidelines cause too many niggaz ride mine 
so I change styles every two rhymes, hah, what the fuck 
That's 22 too's for y'all motherfuckers out there, yaknahmean? 
Shall I continue? Check it out, what? 
 
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) [repeat 3X] 
Well I'm gone... yo, yo, yo 
Copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya 
Whole groove like hold-up, swoll up 
Too many faggot niggaz, clockin my spendin 
Exercisin you're, gay like minds like Richard Simmons 
If you could catch Jay right, on the late night 
without the eight right, maybe you could test my weight, right 
I dip, speak quicker than you ever seen 
adminster pain, next the minister's screamin your name 
At your wake as I peak in, look in your casket 
feelin sarcastic, "Look at him, still sleepin" 
You never ready, forever petty minds stay petty 
Mines thinkin longevity until I'm seventy 
Livin heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what? 
Nigga ya broke, what the fuck you gon' tell me? 
 
("Oooooooooooh!") 
 
Jay-Z, Jay-Z, now you know this is a fat track (aight) 
Now this is comin on your new album, on Roc-A-Fella records in ninety-six 
(no doubt no doubt) well, it is definitely the bomb 
But you know I do wanna say somethin to you, I know 
you've been havin a lot of problems with the law 
But I know you innocent, and I'm behind you 100% 
Mad Wednesday's, Ruby King, DJ Ace, Dang Dash 
Roc-A-Fella Records, we all behind you, you can come back anytime 
(Hah, thanks a lot) 
Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute 
Ace, turn that music down 
I smell some reefer, now you see? 
That's why, our people don't have anything 
Because we don't know how to go in places and act properly 
("Hey shut the fuck up!") 
Wait a minute wait a minute who told me shut the eff up? 
Who told me to shut the eff up? Get him out of here 
I'm not gonna continue this show, until you throw him out 
Get him out right now, then I'ma continue my speech 
Thank you, he's out of here now, now like I was sayin 
We gotta build our own business, we gotta get our own 
record companies goin like Roc-A-Fella Records...[Sauce Money] 
Aiyyo Jay word up; these motherfuckers 
Fuckin talkin that comeback shit like they cookin crack 
Shit I ain't frontin all I want my pockets green like slum change 
Yaknahmsayin? Front the roll we roll back like rubbers motherfucker 
For real; with no trace of AIDS 
We keep our pockets fully blown, Roc-A-Fella click nigga 
 
Aiyyo we pattin down pussy from Sugarhill to the Shark Bar 
Fuck a bitch D in the marked car 
We got the bad bitches gaspin for air in Aspen 
Searchin for aspirin when I ask then, we swing 
You cling we do our thing and bring 
Sling your ding-a-ling from Bed-Stuy Brooklyn to Beijing 
East coast hostess hostile colossal, money flarin 
like nostrils for drug dealin apostles, huh 
Al Pacino down to Nino Brown 
Me Jay and Primo, got it sewed across the board like poquino 
Teflon, make sure your jammy is full 
Cause I heard, Sammy the Bull lamps in Miami with pull 
Tropical leaves where I got a few keys 
with my man I'll stock a few G's, now it's unstoppable cheese 
Said we was garbage, so fuck college 
Street knowledge amazin to scholars when we coin phrases for dollars 
Star studded bitches with cristals, get fucked with pistols 
just to see my shit, discharge puss 
I drop the stellar, even acapella 
I got to tell all about Roc-A-Fella 
 
 [Chorus: Fat Joe] 
 
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang 
And if not then let me do my thang 
 [repeat 4X] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Mannerisms of a young Bobby DeNiro, spent spanish wisdoms 
in a whip with dinero, crime organized like the pharoah 
I cream, I diamond gleam 
High post like Akiem, got a lot of things to drop 
Brooklyn to Queens, I gotta keep my steam 
Niggaz wanna try to hem my long jeans 
Uptown fiend for Jay-Z to appear on the scene 
In the meanwhile, here's somethin dope for y'all to lean 
Liason for days on in 
Money make the world go around so I made songs to spin 
Can I Live, did dough, with my nigs, dividends flow 
like the Mississippi riv', lookin jig' 
Can't do for dolo, had to turn away when Tony killed Manolo 
That's real, mixed feelings like a mulatto 
Thug thought he was O.G. Bobby Johnson 
I played him like Benny Blanco, mano a mano 
you ain't ready, I find no trigger straight up shoot my guns 
horizontal, get your weight up, I am 
two point two pounds you're barely a hundred and twenty-five grams 
Wouldn't expect y'all to understand this money 
Do the knowledge, do the few dollars, I'm due to demolish 
Crews Brooklyn through Hollis to a hood near you, what the fuck... 
 
"Bring it on if you think you can hang..." - [Fat Joe] 
 
 [Big Jaz] 
Money is power 
I'm into cheddick with facial credit 
Pure platinum fetish for cheddars 
Spread letters you move you're deadish 
I make moves that remove pebbles out of shoes 
You suck pistol like pipe with the cristal 
John Stockton couldn't assist you 
Cowboys or Benzes like we foulin in the U.N. 
So what the fuck you doin? 
Whatever nigga Fahrvegnugen, rugged yet polished 
Spankin dollars with the commas 
bangin bitches out the Bahamas 
On hides of llama we cry nada, fly frather 
Fry hotter, you die gotta 
Fuck with me witness manana 
Absence of malice in my palace 
Call cousin now Dallas trigger finger with the callous 
Tip scales from mail to keep these niggaz off balance 
Your frequent stops to O.T.B. you feedin me 
Steam a nigga schemin on the wrist action with the gleams 
Jewels for Pop Duke fulfill your dreams 
Never put the pure brown sugar before the dirty green cream 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
"Yeah, bring it on... bring it on..." - [Fat Joe] 
 [repeat 5X][Pain In Da Ass] 
 [gunshots] OKAY, I'M RELOADED!!! 
You motherfuckers, think you big time? 
Fuckin with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time! 
Here come the "Pain"! [gunshots] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jigga... (Jigga), Bigga... (Bigga) 
Nigga, how you figure... (how you figure) 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyyo 
 
Peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (uh-huh) 
The number one question is can the Feds get us (uh-huh) 
I got vendettas in dice games against ass betters (uh-huh) 
and niggaz who pump wheels and drive Jettas 
Take that witcha.. 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
.. hit ya, back split ya 
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles 
Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle 
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle 
Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated 
Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug related 
Most hate it.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
.. can't fade it 
While y'all pump Willie, I run up in stunts silly 
Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me 
But on the contrilli, I packs the mack-milli 
Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin soft on him 
What's ya name? 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
.. Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra 
Peruvians tried to do me in, I ain't paid them yet 
Tryin to push 700's, they ain't made them yet 
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit; rings too 
Niggaz 'round the way call me Igloo Stix (Who?) 
Motherfucker! 
 
 [Chorus] 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin out for all 
Marcy - that's right - you don't stop 
Bed-Stuy.. you won't stop, nigga! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What, what, what? 
Jay-Z, Big' Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
Brooklyn represent y'all, hit you fold 
You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me? 
I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV 
(Jigga) Jay-Z 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
.. and Bigga baby! 
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious 
Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches 
from 62's, gem stars, my moms dishes 
Gram choppin, police van dockin 
D's at my doors knockin 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What? Keep rockin 
No more, Mister, Nice Guy, I twist your shit 
the fuck back with them pistols, blazin 
Hot like cajun 
Hotter than even holdin work at the Days Inn 
with New York plates outside 
Get up outta there, fuck your ride 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper 
Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank Wright 
Leave the keys to your In-tegra (That's right) 
Chill homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me 
You're holdin more drugs than a pharmacy, you ain't harmin me 
So pardon me, pass the safe, before I blaze the place 
and here's six shots just in case 
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) 
 
 [Chorus] 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(Crown Heights...) You don't stop 
(Brownsville...) You won't stop, nigga! 
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) 
Hah hah! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where we from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(Bushwick...) You don't stop 
(Fort Greene...) You won't stop, niggaz! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
For nine six, the only MC with a flu 
Yeah I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin to do 
Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, china white heron 
Nigga please, like short sleeves I bear arms 
Stay out my way from here on (CLEAR?) Gone! 
 
 [Notoriuos B.I.G.] 
Me and Gutter had two spots 
The two for five dollar hits, the blue tops 
Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin "Too Hot" 
If Fay' had twins, she'd probably have two-Pac's 
Get it? .. Tu-pac's 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Time to separate the pros from the cons 
The platinum from the bronze 
That butter soft shit from that leather on the Fonz 
A S1 diamond from a eye class don 
A Cham' Dom' sipper from a Rosay nigga, huh?! 
Brook-Nam, sippin on 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather 
The M.A.F.I.A. keep canons in they Marc Buchanans 
Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow, tossin ya 
Mad slugs through your Nautica, I'm warnin ya 
(Hah, what the fuck?) 
 
 [Chorus] 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(Flatbush...) You don't stop 
(Redhook...) You won't stop, nigga! 
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(East New York...) You don't stop 
(Clinton Hill...) You won't stop, nigga! 
("Is Brooklyn in the house?") 
 
 [Outro] 
Uhh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all, Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
Superbad click, Brook-lyn's Finest, you re-wind this 
Represetin BK to the fullest[Jay-Z] 
Geyeah, y'all nigaas finished yo 
Is y'all niggas finished 
Got your little radio play your little BDS, huh 
You finished nigga, huh huh, y'all finished 
Can I live, huh 
Can I live, Joe your bein' stingy with the music bin yo 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yo, yo...yo, I blacks out, I pulls the mack out 
Scream "Whats that about," then I clap out 
I get my plot on, in my drop on 
Through the rotten, dont even hate on those who hate me 
I got popped on, feelin' it (feelin' it) 
Chickens are ice grillin' it 
Cops pullin' it over, Jigga react militant 
Speed off, officer told me to turn the beat off 
I turned it a level higher, then return the devils fire 
I'm raised different, reactin' situations 
Niggas lay stiff and, rookies blame it on the age difference 
My subliminal flows create criminal O's 
Sing along if you with me, til the end of the road 
I'm cynical when in the view of the public 
And this is because, I'm defensive when I'm in interviews 
The percentage who dont understand is higher than the percentage who do 
Check yourself, what percentage is you? 
 
Can I live 
For all my niggas with all white airforce ones and black guns, stack ones yo 
Can I live 
For all my chicks, pigeons, hoes stand bow legged like the bulldog, know what 
I mean, huh? 
Can I live 
To all the ce-lo champs, two green dice and one red stop the bank and roll 
heads yo 
Can I live 
To all my niggas who drink hennesy straight, cop mix tapes, and sell weight 
niggas 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I got the feds sending me letters 'cause Im schooling the youth 
But they cant lock me down 'cause my tool is the truth 
Yeah I sold drugs for a living, thats a given 
Why is it? why dont y'all try to visit the neighboorhoods I lived in 
My mind been through hell, my neighborhood is crime central 
Where cops lock you more than try to defend you 
I push you to the limit when I'm needing the wealth 
And all I see is life cycle just repeatin' itself 
Ran into shorty boppin' down the ave 
On his way to clockin' mad then 
He proceeded to show me a block of slab and said 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Aiyyo theres money I there I just gotta have 
When I catch up to these feinds Im'a knock 'em on they ass 
Not to brag, sometimes I look at life and laugh 
How I think about school and it taught me not a ??? 
When I backed out, let one one, let the barrel turn 
Holla at you faggots that its my block to burn 
That credit you dead it, I know heads gettin' annoyed and knew all 
About a dope feind before reading donald goings 
Flipping boying, using the right cut 
One thing thats fucked up is bad dope that I cant pump 
This slab gotta re-up and rebag, blend it in with the raw 
Bubble it fast cop more, once I get it I got it I lock it 
Nobody pop shit, selling twenties on my block bitch 
For some blacktop shit 
What you want nigga, what you want nigga 
What you want, what you want nigga 
 
Can I live... 
To all my niggas that hold coke and they bubble coat 
Tryin' to win in the construction Timbs yo 
Can I live... 
Yo USA, all my chicks that strip, boo's, go to the store with the dewey pins 
still in 
All my chicks with the credit card scams, two kids, one job, and no man 
All my chicks gettin' that washing set with their welfare check 
All the mommies dame besa, alright? 
All my niggas rockin' them fifty cats, tryin' to get at this rap 
Know what I mean? 
All my cats with open cases, big cars, and no licenses, I like that shit, 
I'll see y'all 
All my niggas at St. Pauls after they say some fucked up shit 
Rock on and uh, Jigga shit, Rockafella forever yo 
Uhh, Major Coins, yeah, uhh huh 
Memph Bleek niggaYeah, hah, yeah Roc-A-Fella 
We invite you to, somethin epic y'all know? 
Well we hustle out of a sense of, hopelessness 
Sort of a desperation 
Through that desperation, we 'come addicted 
Sorta like the fiends we accustomed to servin 
But we feel we have nothin to lose 
so we offer you, well, we offer our lives, right 
What do you bring to the table? 
 
While I'm watchin every nigga watchin me closely 
my shit is butter for the bread they wanna toast me 
I keep my head, both of them where they supposed to be 
Hoes'll get you sidetracked then clap from closed feet 
I don't sleep, I'm tired, I feel wired like codeine, these days 
a brother gotta admire from four fiends away 
My pain wish it was quick to see, from sellin 'caine 
til brains was fried to a fricaisse, can't lie 
At the time it never bothered me, at the bar 
gettin my thug on properly, my squad and me 
lack of respect for authority, laughin hard 
Happy to be escapin poverty, however brief 
I know this game got valleys and peaks, expectation 
for dips, four percent pertation we stack chips, hardly 
The youth I used to be, soon to see a mill'in 
No more, Big Willie my game has grown prefer you call me William 
Illin for revenues, Rayful Edmonds like 
Channel 7 news, round seven jewels, hand gettin the mic 
Forgettin all I ever knew, convenient amnesia 
I suggest you call my lawyer, I know the procedure 
Lock my body can't trap my mind, easily 
explain why we adapt to crime 
I'd rather die enormous than live dormant that's how we on it 
Live at the main event, I bet a trip to Maui on it 
Presidential suites my resedential for the weekend 
Confidentially speakin in codes since I sense you peekin 
The NSX rental, don't be fooled my game is mental 
We both out of town dog, what you tryin to get into? 
Viva, Las Vegas, see ya, later at the crap tables 
meet me by the one that starts a G up 
This way no fraud Willie's present gambling they re-up 
And we can have a pleasant time, sippin margaritas 
Ge-ge-geyeahhh, can I live? 
Can I live? 
 
My mind is infested, with sick thoughts that circle 
like a Lexus, if driven wrong it's sure to hurt you 
Dual level like duplexes, in unity, my crew and me 
commit atrocities like we got immunity 
You guessed it, manifest it in tangible goods 
Platinum Rolexed it, we don't lease 
we buy the whole care, as you should 
My confederation, dead a nation, EXPLODE 
on detonation, overload the mind of a said patient 
When it balls to steam, it comes to it 
we all fiends gotta do it, even righteous minds go through this 
True this, history school us to spend our money foolish 
Bond with jewellers and, watch for intruders 
I stepped it up another level, meditated like a buddhist 
Recruited lieutenants with ludicrous, dreams of 
gettin cream let's do this, it gets tedious 
So I keep one eye open like, C-B-S, ya see me 
stressed right? Can I live? 
Can I live? 
Can I live? 
Can I live? 
Ha-hah, Roc-A-Fella y'allI'm making short term goals, wonder whether foes 
just put away the leathers and put ice on the gold 
chilly with enough bail money to free a big Willy 
high stakes, I got more at stake than Philly 
shopping sprees, coping three, deuce fever I guess its fully loaded, 
ah yes, 
bouncing in the lex luger, tires smoke like Buddha 
50 g's to the crap shooter, 
niggas can't fade me 
chrome socks beaming, through my peripheral I see ya scheming 
stop dreamin', I leave ya body steaming 
niggas is feening, what's the meaning 
I'm leaning on any nigga intervening with the sound of my money machine-in 
my cuff running over with hundreds 
I'm one of the best niggas that done it 
six digits and running, 
y'all niggas don't want it 
I got the godfather flow, the don Juan Demarco 
swear to god, don't get it fucked up 
 
 [Chorus - Mary J. Blige] 
taking out this time 
to give you a piece of my mind 
(cause you can't knock the hustle) 
but though you think you are 
baby one day you'll be a star 
 
last seen out of state where I drop my slang 
I'm deep in the south kicking up top game 
bouncing on the highway switching 4 lanes 
screaming through the sun roof money ain't a thang 
your worst fear confirmed, 
me and my fam roll tight like the firm 
getting down for life, that's right, you better learn 
why play with fire, burn 
we get together like a choir 
to acquire what we desire 
we do dirt like worms 
produce g's like sperm 
'til legs spread like germs 
I got extensive hoes, with expensive clothes 
and I sip wine, and spit vintage flows 
but y'all don't know...... 
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 
cause you can't knock the hustle 
 
 [Mary J. Blige:] 
but until that day then 
I'm the one whose crazy 
cause that's the way ya making me feel 
(cause you can't knock the hustle) 
I'm just trying to get mine, 
I don't have the time 
to knock the hustle for real 
 
y'all niggas lunching, punching a clock 
my function is lo make much 'n' lay back munching 
sipping Remy on rocks, my crew 
something to watch nothing to stop 
un... 
...stoppable 
scheme on the ice, I gotta hide your crew 
I gotta 
let you niggas know the time like movado 
my motto, 
stack rocks like Colorado 
bottle off the champagne, crystals by the bottle 
it's a damn shame what you're not though (who?) me slick like a GATO fuckin' Jay-Z 
pops knew exactly what he did when he made me 
tried to get a nut and he got a nut and what 
straight banana's 
can a nigga, see me 
got the US Open, advantage jigga 
serve like sampras, play fake a rappers like a campus Le Tigre, 
son you're too eager 
you ain't having it? good, me either 
lets get together and make this whole world believers 
at my arraignment, screaming 
all these blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even 
thieving, as long as I'm breathing 
can't knock the way a nigga eating 
fuck you even 
 
 [Mary J. Blige:] 
taking out this time 
to give you a piece of my mind 
but though you think you are 
baby one day you'll be a star 
but until that day then 
I'm the one whose crazy 
cause that's the way ya making me feel, 
I'm just trying to get mine, I don't have the time 
to knock the hustle for real[Jay-Z has a conversation with some cat] 
Hah, hah, hah, hah, yeah, yeah 
What it is player? 
You player, it's all about you 
How you gon' say that man 
If I had your hand I'd turn mine in 
Far as I'm concerned, if I had your hand, I cut mines off 
Hah man, you know man, I'm just dealin that hoe money 
You know hoe money is slow money but it's sho' money 
Check this out man, when you run up on your bitch 
this this is what you tell her 
Stick they hands in they panties, grab that knot 
Stick they arm in a car window, drop it like it's hot 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uhh, I talk jewels and spit diamonds, all cherry 
like a hymen, when I'm rhymin with remarkable timin 
Caviar and silk dreams, my voice is linen 
Spittin venom up in the, minds of young women 
Mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar 
Might you remember, my shit is col-l-l-ld like December 
Smoother than Persian rugs, the cashmere 
chromosomes make a nigga Jigga Jay-Z lethal drugs 
Eighteen carat gold pen, when it hits the sheets 
Words worth a million like I'm rappin em through platinum teeth 
I got the Grey Poupon, you been warned 
Cause all beef return well done filet mignon 
The Don, smell of Dom on my breath as I 
yawn, (slow) when you hoes try to con a pro 
As if you didn't know, Jay's about gettin dough 
Spittin flow like fine wines down your earlobe 
I'm smooth but deadly like a pearl handled pistol 
Honies hum in melody when I, rub it like crystal 
The proper etiquette, when I drop the subject verb 
then the predicate, with this rich nigga preterite 
I'm solid gold, I rap like a mink stole 
I stick pearl tongues your world'll never know 
From New York, to Paris, the vocal style vary 
From nice to deadly like a bad bag of D, now 
notice, the child swift like a locust 
Focus on the loc' I be the greatest nigga that wrote it 
Return of the Jedi, from Rio Degenero 
Worn da red eye, yet I, still feel the need to be fly 
I did die when I'm rappin then slide like satin 
You know the black eye white china in the brain cabinet 
I never cry if I did I'd cry ice 
From my nigga Sauce, I hit you with this advice 
Life's short, so play hard and stick hard 
and the only time you love em is when your dick hard 
 
Whoooh! That's cashmere baby 
Nah, you know, that's just laid back man 
Man, shit, J to the A to the Y to the Z 
Yeah baby 
Motherfuckin pimp that's what he be 
Cashmere baby 
Don't get no hotter than that 
Sho' you're right 
Them niggaz know 
 
Check it out, check it out 
Ghettoes, Errol Flynn, hot like heroin 
Young pimps is sterile when I pimp through your burough in 
I gotta keep your tricks intact 
Cause I walk like a p-iyimp, talk like a mack man 
The star player, the golden bar layer 
The sweet Ms. Fine Thing puh-layah, sho' yo right 
I'm game tight, so watch it it change to night 
Go tell your peeps dawg I'm lethal til it ain't right 
I pimp hard on a trick, look 
Fuck if your leg broke bitch, hop up on your good foot[Jay-Z] 
Yeah... 
Come experience... life as we know it 
As some of you should know it, yeah, yeah 
Place, Marcy, Brooklyn 
Actions... well, y'all know the actions 
 
Uhh, I got this shorty on my block always clockin my rocks 
He likes the style and profile I think he wanna mock 
He likes the way I walk, he sees my money talkin 
to honies hawkin I'm the hottest nigga in New York and 
I see his hunger pains, I know his blood boils 
He wanna, run with me, I know this kid'll be loyal 
I watched him make a few ends, to cop his little sneakers and gear 
then it's just enough for re-up again 
I see myself in his eyes, I moved from Levi's 
to Guess to Versace, now it's diamonds like Liberace 
That's just the natural cycle, nobody wanna be like Michael 
where I'm from, just them niggaz who banned from a gun 
We out here trying to make hard white into cohhhhld green 
I can help shorty blow out like Afro-Sheen 
Plus I can relive my days of youth which is gone 
That little nigga's peeps, it's time to put him on 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z and Memphis Bleek] 
It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown) 
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground) 
It's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot) 
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two) 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
I'm out here slingin bringin the drama, tryin to come up 
in the game and add a couple of dollar signs to my name 
I'm out here servin disturbin the peace, life could be better 
like my man reclined in plush leather seats 
He's sellin weight, I'm sellin eight... balls 
sixteen tryin to graduate to pushin quarters y'all 
I ain't gon' sweat him I'ma let him come to me 
If he give me the nod then these niggaz gon' see 
I'm tired of bein out here round the clock 
and breakin day, and chasin crackers up the block for my pay 
I'm stayin fresh, so chickens check 
I'm tryin to step up to the next level, pushin Vettes to the Jets 
Diamonds reflect from the sun, directly in your equilibirum 
and stunned I'm waitin for my day to come 
I got the urge, to splurge, I don't wanna lifetime sentence 
just give me the word 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [JZ] Hey fella I been watchin you clockin 
 [MB] Who me holdin down this block it ain't nothin 
You the man nigga now stop frontin 
 [JZ] Hahahh I like your style 
 [MB] Nah, I like YO' style 
 [JZ] Let's drive around awhile 
 [MB] Cool nigga 
 [JZ] Here's a thou' 
 [MB] A G? I ride witchu for free 
I want the longterm riches and bitches 
 [JZ] Have it all; now listen to me 
You let them other niggaz get the name, skip the fame 
Ten thou' or a hundred G keep yo' shit the same 
 [MB] On the low? 
 [JZ] Yeah, the only way to blow 
You let your shit bubble quietly 
 [MB] AND THEN YOU BLOW! 
 [JZ] Hey keep your cool 
The only way to peep a fool is let him show his hand 
Then you play your cards 
 [MB] Then he through dealin I understand 
 [JZ] Don't blow your dough on hotties 
 [MB] The only thing I got in this world is my word and my nuts 
and won't break em for nobody! 
 [JZ] Hah, I like resume, pick a day, you can start 
 [MB] From now until death do us part... 
 
 [Chorus 2X]This shit is wicked on these mean streets 
None of my friends speak 
We're all trying to win, but then again 
Maybe it's for the best though, 'cause when they're seeing too much 
You know they're trying to get you touched 
Whoever said illegal was the easy way out couldn't understand the 
mechanics 
And the workings of the underworld, granted 
Nine to five is how to survive, I ain't trying to survive 
I'm trying to live it to the limit and love it a lot 
Life ills, poison my body 
I used to say 'fuck mic skills,' and never prayed to God, I prayed to 
Gotti 
That's right it's wicked, that's life I live it 
Ain't asking for forgiveness for my sins, endz 
I break bread with the late heads, picking their brains for angles on 
all the evils that the game'll do 
It gets dangerous, money and power is changing us 
And now we're lethal, infected with D'Evils... 
 
We used to fight for building blocks 
Now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killing 
The closest of friends when we first started 
But grew apart as the money grew, and soon grew black-hearted 
Thinking back when we first learned to use rubbers 
He never learned so in turn I'm kidnapping his baby's mother 
My hand around her collar, feeding her cheese 
She said the taste of dollars was shitty so I fed her fifties 
About his whereabouts I wasn't convinced 
So I kept feeding her money 'til her shit started to make sense 
Who could ever forsee, we used to stay up all night at slumber parties 
now I'm trying to rock this bitch to sleep 
All the years we were real close 
Now I see his fears through her tears, know she's wishing we were still 
close 
Don't cry, it is to be 
In time, I'll take away your miseries and make 'em mine, D'Evils... 
 
My flesh, no nigga could test 
My soul is possessed by D'Evils in the form of diamonds and lexuses 
The exorcist, got me doing skits like Homie 
You don't know me, but the whole world owe me 
Strip! 
Was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fucking life 
So now I'm down for whatever, ain't nothing nice 
Throughout my junior high years it was all friendly 
But now this higher learning got the Remy in me 
Liquors invaded my kidneys 
Got me ready to lick off, mama forgive me 
I can't be held accountable, D'Evils beating me down, boo 
Got me running with guys, making G's, telling lies that sound true 
Come test me, I never cower 
For the love of money, son, I'm giving lead showers 
Stop screaming, you know the demon said it's best to die 
And even if Jehovah witness, bet he'll never testify, D'Evils...[Chorus:] 
"Presidents to represent me" - [Nas] 
"Get money!" 
"I'm out for presidents to represent me" "Get money!" 
"I'm out for presidents to represent me" "Get money!" 
"I'm out for dead *fuckin* presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
 
Rock... on, Roc-A-Fella y'all 
The saga continues 
 
Ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch leathers 
Stack cheddars forever, live treacherous all the et ceteras 
To the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine 
You feel the ambiance, y'all niggaz just rhyme 
By the ounce dough accumulates like snow 
We don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show; you feel me? 
Factions from the other side would love to kill me 
Spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat 
Fuck em, we hate a nigga lovin this life 
In all possible ways, know the Feds is buggin my life 
Hospital days, reflectin when my man laid up 
On the Uptown high block he got his side sprayed up 
I saw his life slippin, this is a minor set back 
Yo, still in all we livin, just dream about the get back 
That made him smile though his eyes said, "Pray for me" 
I'll do you one better and slay these niggaz faithfully 
Murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process 
and I ain't got nothin but time 
I had near brushes, not to mention three shots 
close range, never touched me, divine intervention 
Can't stop I, from drinkin Mai-Tai's, with Ta Ta 
Down in Nevada, ha ha, Poppa, word life 
I dabbled in crazy weight without rap, I was crazy straight 
Potnah, I'm still spendin money from eighty-eight... what? 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Geyeah, know what? I'll make.. 
you and your wack mans fold like bad hands 
Roll like Monopoly, ad-vance you copy me 
like white crystals, I gross the most 
at the end of the fiscal year than these niggaz can wish to 
The dead presidential, canidate 
with the sprinkles and the presidental, ice that'll offend you 
In due time when crime fleas my mind 
All sneak thieves and playa haters can shine 
But until then I keep the trillion cut diamonds shinin brilliant 
I'll tell you half the story, the rest you fill it in 
Long as the villian win 
I spend Japan yen, attend major events 
Catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin 
J-A-Y hyphen, controllin, manipulatin 
I got a good life man, pounds and pence 
Nuff dollars make sense, while you ride the bench 
Catch me swinging for the fence 
Dead Presidents, ya know 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Uh-huh, yeah, uh-huh, so be it 
The Soviet, The Unified Steady Flow 
You already know, you light I'm heavy roll, heavy dough 
Mic macheted your flow, your paper falls slow 
like confetti, mines a steady grow, bet he glow 
Pay five dead it from blow, better believe I have 
eleven sixty to show, my doe flip like Tae-Kwon 
Jay-Z The Icon, baby, you like Dom, maybe this Cristal's 
to change your life huh, roll with the winners 
Heavy spenders like hit records: Roc-A-Fella 
Don't get it corrected this shit is perfected 
from chips to chicks just drivin a Lexus 
Make it without your gun, we takin everything you brung 
We cake and you niggaz is fake and we gettin it done 
Crime Family, well connected Jay-Z 
And you fake thugs is Unplugged like MTV 
I empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure 
Dead presidentials, politics as usual 
Bla-ouw! 
 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
 
 [Chorus 2X][Chorus:] 
I'm feelin it fill the glass to the top with Moet 
Feelin it feel the Lex pushin up on the set 
I'm feelin it through the high that you get from the lie 
Feelin it if you feel it raise your l in the sky 
 
 [Verse 1:] 
 
I keep it realer than most I know your feelin it 
Cristal on ice I like to toast I keep on spillin it 
Bone crushers I keep real close I got the skill for this 
On my back the fliest clothes lookin ill and shit 
Transactions illegitimate cause life is still a bitch 
And then you die but for now life close your eyes and feel this dick 
Since diapers had nothin to live for like them lifers but 
Makin sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher 
We paid the price to circular success they turned my mic up 
I'm 'bout to hit these niggas wit some shit that a light they life up 
If every nigga in your clique is rich your clique is rugged 
Nobody will fall cause everyone would be each others crutches 
I hope you fools choose to listen I drop jewels bust it 
These are the rules I follow in my life you gotta love it 
Jiggy jigger lookin gully in the joint 
If y'all niggas ain't talkin 'bout large money what's the point? 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 2:] 
 
Even if it ain't sunny hey I ain't complainin 
I'm in the rain doing a buck 40 hydroplanin what shorty 
(Where you disappear son?) 
Maintainin puttin myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in 
I'm livin the ill streets blues got you hunger painin 
Nothin to gain and a whole lot to lose you still singin fool 
I'm thorough in every boro my name be ringin 
Warmin it up for the perfect time to hit your brain and 
Ya Feelin it? to all the girls I bought the girdle to conceal my bricks 
No doubt they can vouch my life is real as shit 
95 south and poppy on the hill and shit 
And all the towns like Cambridge that I killed wit shit 
And all the thorough ass niggas that I hustle wit 
Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit 
These fake rappers cant really know I'm lovin it ya feelin it 
 
 [Chorus x2] 
 
 [Verse 3:] 
 
What y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay high? 
The Cristals they keep me wet like Baywatch 
I keep it tight for all the nights my mom prayed I'd stop 
Said she had dreams that snipers hit me with a fatal shot 
Those nightmares mom 
Those dreams you say you got give me the chills 
But these mils make me hot y'all feel me 
Enough to stop the illin right? 
But at the same time these dimes keep me feelin tight 
I'm so confused 
OK I'm gettin weeded now I know I'm contradicting myself 
Look I don't need that now 
It just once in a blue moon when there's nothin to do and 
The tension's too thick for my sober mind to cut through 
I get to zonin, me and the chick on the island and we're bonin' 
I free my mind sometimes I here myself moanin 
Take one more toke and I leave that weed alone man 
It got me goin shit 
 
 [Chorus x3]Check one check two, you know what to do 
Primo, cold crush when I give it to you 
Friend or foe yo, state your biz 
Ya tend to dough, ah, there it is 
Me, I run the show, oh, and these kids 
Don't like nobody commin around here fuckin wit they doe for shit 
You enterprisin though, 
And I like it 
But fuck with the big dogs though, I gotta bite ya, 
Look, its out of my hands 
And you gettin money round here, its not in the plans 
So hop yo ass out of that van, head back to kansas 
I'm sendin niggas back up in campuses 
Chance is slimmer than that chick in calvin klien pantses 
Let me guess, they said it was money round here 
And the rest is me stoppin you from gettin it, correct? 
Sorry to hear that, my guess is you got work at the hotel 
I'll take care of that, you'll see, now please 
Give me the room key 
You're twitchin, don't do that, you makin me nervous 
My crew, well, they do pack, them niggas is murderous 
So would ya, please put your hand back in sight 
They don't like to see me nervous you can understand that, right? 
You draw, better be picasso, y'know the best 
Cause if this is not so, ah, god bless 
You leave me no choice, I leave you no voice 
Believe me son I hate to do it just as bad as you hate to see it done 
Now calm your boys, 
Cause I'm findin it a little hard to concentrate with all the noise 
Get the point, I'll let ya go, 
Before ya leave, I guess I aughta let you know, I need those keys 
And promise you never, no matter the weather 
Evaevaevaevaevaevaevaevaeva come around here no mo'You know how we do, Roc-a-Fella... forever... You can catch me 
skatin through your town puttin it down y'all relatin 
No waitin I'll make your block infrared hot I'm like Satan 
Y'all feel a nigga's struggle, y'all think a nigga love to 
hustle behind the wheel, tryin to escape my trouble 
kids stop they greetin me, I'm talkin sweet to keys 
Cursin the very God, that bought this wreath to be 
My life is, based on sacrifices, jewels like ices 
and fools that think I slip, you fuck around 
you get your guys hit, they built me to be filthy 
on some I-do-or-die shit, for real 
The price of leather's got me, deeper than ever and 
just think, with this here, I'm tryin to feel made nig-ga 
 
Politics as us-ual... I took my 
Frito to Tito in the district, blessed me with some 
VS somethins I can live with, stop frontin 
And for the dough I raise, gotta get shit appraised 
No disrespect to you, make sure you word is true 
I'm takin wages down in Vegas just in case Tyson 
have a major night off, that's clean money, the tax write-off 
You ain't seen money in your life, when it 
comes to this cheese y'all like Three Blind Mice 
A smokin bro, who pump Willie Ike spokes 
The furthest you Chiles been is the Pocanos 
My portfolio reads: leads to Don Corleone, nigga please 
Ten year feleon, heavy on the wrist, our face used 
with the diamond blooded Jesus and blind your face 
youse for life... sharight, Jigga, I keep it tight nig-ga 
 
Politics as us-ual... 
You feel my triumph never, feel my pain I'm lyin 
Low in the leather Zion, the best that's ever came 
The game changes like, my mind just ain't right 
We 'gwan get this dough, I guess it ain't your night 
Suckin me in like a vacumn, I remember 
tellin my family I'll be back soon, that was December 
Eighty-five and, Jay-Z rise ten years later 
got me wise still can't break my underworld ties 
I wear black a lot, in the Ac', act a lot 
Got matchin VCR's, a huge Magnavox 
to nitch, green like spinach pop wines that's vintage 
It's a lot of big money in my sentence 
Hittin towards a mil', lip a, written I kill like that 
chick faked me one-two cat, yeah, I do dat 
Ain't no stoppin the champagne from poppin 
the drawers from droppin, the law from watchin, I hate em 
 
Politics as us-ualStress 
Sunshine, geyeah 
 
I sold it all from crack to o-pium, in third person 
I don't wanna see em, so I'm rehearsin 
with my peoples high to GM, from a remote lo-cation 
in the BM, scopin the whole situation like, "Dayamm!" 
Metamorphic, as the dope turns to cre-am 
but one of these buyers got eyes like a Korean 
It's difficult to read em, the windows to his soul 
are half closed, I put the key in 
Pulled off slow, hopin my people flee-in 
Chink tried to knock the only link that tied me in 
Coppers was watchin us through nighttime binoculars 
This time they got us on tape, exchangin dope for dollars 
Make me wanna, holler back at the crib in the sauna 
Prayin my people bailed out like Time/Warner 
Awaitin call, from his kin not the coroner 
Phone in my hand, nervous confined to a corner 
Beads of sweat second thoughts on my mind 
How can I ease the stress and learn to live with these regrets 
This time... stress... givin this shit up... fuck 
 
 [Chorus One:] 
 
This is the number one rule for your set 
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets 
On the, rise to the top, many drop, don't forget 
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets 
This is the number one rule for your set 
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets 
And through our travels we get seperated, never forget 
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets 
 
As sure as this, Earth is turning souls burning 
in search of higher learning turning in every direction seeking direction 
My moms cryin cause her insides are dyin 
her son tryin her patience, keep her heart racin 
A million beats a minute, I know I push you to your limit 
but it's this game love, I'm caught up all in it 
They make it so you can't prevent it, never give it 
you gotta take it, can't fake it I keep it authentic 
My hand got this pistol shakin, cause I sense danger 
like Camp Crystal Lake and 
don't wanna shoot him, but I got him, trapped 
within this infrared dot, bout to hot him and, hit rock bottom 
No answers to these trick questions, no time shit stressin 
My life found I got ta live for the right now 
Time waits for no man, can't turn back the hands 
once it's too late, gotta learn to live with regrets 
 
 [Chorus Two:] 
 
You used to hold me, told me that I was the best 
Anything in this world I want I could posess 
All that made me want is all that I could get 
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets... (when I was young) 
 [repeat 2X] 
 
I found myself reminiscin, remember this one 
when he was here he was crazy nice with his son 
I miss him, long as I'm livin he's livin through memories 
He's there to kill all my suicidal tendencies 
In heaven lookin over me, or in hell, keepin it cozy 
I'm comin life on these streets ain't what it's supposed to be 
Remember Newton, mutual friend well me and him feudin 
On your life I tried to talk to him 
But you know niggaz, think they guns can stop foe niggaz 
Frontin like they're, Big Willie but really old niggaz 
Hoe niggaz, this year I'm sho' niggaz think I'm slippin 
I'm bought to send you a roommate, no bullshittin 
for my hustle's goin too well to hit him 
You was right niggaz want you to be miserable wit em 
Anyway, I ain't tryin to hear it, I think I'm touched 
this whole verse I been talkin to your spirit, a little too much 
 
 [Chorus One: repeat 2X] 
 
Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A-Fella y'all[R. Kelly] 
Mmmmm.. ohhhh, ohhhohhhhh 
Oooohhh.. ohhh no, mmmmm 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)*] 
You and me, havin sex 
After an argument, that shit's the best 
You and me, havin sex yeahh 
After an argument, that shit's the best 
(Think about it while the streets you roam 
It's Dom P and Army in the fridge when you get home) 
 
 [*overlapping R's last line] 
 
I storm in, she storm out 
It's like the "War of the Roses" goin on in my house 
It's a little seperation but I know how to fix the situation 
Mami just sufferin from love deprevation 
So I gotta give her thug reperations 
Put it in the life until love leg is shakin 
Slow and passionate, 'til we forget what happens 
Then we laughin and we back friends 
 
 [Interlude: R. Kelly] 
You don't have to fuss and fight 
Why don't you just spend the night 
Baby let's just kiss and hug 
You know the words girl let's make up 
So much love to be made 
Instead of screamin, "Who's to blame?" 
Girl I don't wanna.. let you go, I need you so 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Girlfriend didn't believe me when I said I'd be back in a little 
Cause I had the Chris T on with the crease in the middle 
Plus a fresh cut and the freezin icicles 
on my wrist, on my hand, that's when shit hit the fan 
Said, "You never spend timey, what's up with that?" 
Translated it means 
 [R] Hit it hard from the back 
Yeah she hid my car keys 
And forced me to fall asleep to her heartbeat 
 
 [Interlude] 
 
 [Chorus w/o Jay-Z] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
I don't want.. baby I don't want to fight 
I just wanna make it right (ooh yeah) 
Put out problems to the side 
Let's just make sweet love tonight (I don't want) 
Baby I don't want to fight 
I just wanna make it right (ohhhhh love) 
Put our problems to the side 
Let's just make sweet love tonight 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Sex so intense, all that's on my mind 
It ain't feel this good since the very first time 
I'm pullin her close, she's pullin away 
I'm tryin to kiss her mouth but she keeps turnin her face 
Cute sex game like our very first date 
We ain't know each other well enough, we had to wait 
But oh! I know just where your hot spot at 
You can not deny that, so do not try that 
I do not buy that.. 
 
 [Chorus w/o Jay-Z] 
 
 [Chorus w/o Jay-Z (fades out)][J] Yeah yeah 
 [R] Damn it's hot 
 [J] Like a muh'fucker 
 [R] Yo Jigga 
 [J] Whassup my nigga? 
 [R] Pop that water 
 [J] Fo'schizzle! 
 [both laughing] 
 [R] Yeah 
 [J] Get'cha mind right, c'mon 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh-uh 
Uh-uh uh-uh - gettin that money my nigga 
(woo.. woo.. woo.. woo..) 
You better call the muh'fuckin cops 
This is a crime, uh-uh, let's go 
 
 [R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)] 
Keys to the Bentley, off to the club 
Switchin lanes like what the.. 
Chick on the cell wanna get with a bruh 
But y'all know I don't love no.. (never love her) 
She, say, she, slick 
I'm, like, baby, please 
She, say she's got a man 
but what's that got to do with me? (f'real) 
Some chicks like low-key 
Wrists of, zero degrees 
I'm, toxic off the Belve' 
Two strippers, in my hotel suite 
Fee fie and, foe fum-ah 
Look out now, here I come-ah 
For you haters, keepin up trauma 
Me and Jigga thugged out on the come up (holla) 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
You got what I want; I got what you need 
Let's put it together; get, this, mo-ney 
You got what I want; I got what you need 
Let's put it together; get, this, mo-ney 
 
 [R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)] 
Ace hit the club 'bout five o'clock (woo!) 
Hungry 'bout to hit the IHOP (let's go) 
After that, menage-a-trois 
And he out by seven o'clock (p-YOON) 
Cause I'm a baller, thought I told ya 
Blue rocks lightin up my shoulders (bling!) 
See y'all niggaz know y'all need to grow up 
Your album ain't out, cause I'm the hold up (ha) 
Busters wanna hoop with me 
Wanna run our ways, doin R&B 
I'll, creep creep, blink blink 
Cross your ass over, take it from me 
Fee fie and, foe fum-ah 
Look out now, here I come-ah 
Golddiggers, this you gets none of 
Me and Jigga thugged out on the come up (holla) 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z + (R. Kelly)] 
Pull up on the block, cran-apple Benz 
White tank top, cran-apple trim 
Egg-shaped watch, cran-apple gems 
Dice hands 'side both of them 
Two rolls and I leave with a stack 
Off to the club, G's in in the back 
V.I.P. nigga beez like that 
When you gettin that money my nigga (get.. this.. mo-ney) 
I spit this for my riders 
Twenty-inch rims and wide body drivers 
We can't let nothin stop us (get.. this.. mo-ney) 
Young H-O-V-A 
And the boy R. Kel', you know how we play 
For that fetti, mayne, we'll let the lead rang 
You young boyz ain't ready 
You don't know NANN a nigga to NEAR Jigga 
to NEAR as well as me and the boy Kel' 
Yeah it's money, recognize the smell 
And we up out this bitch, yell 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z + (R. Kelly)] 
Gettin that money my nigga 
Ha ha, ha ha 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha 
I gotta laugh at this shit (get.. this.. money) 
Gettin this money my nigga 
Yeah, ohh oh ohh oh 
Oh it's too late to get scared niggaz (get.. this.. mo-ney) 
It's way too late now.. 
.. gettin this money my nigga (get.. this.. mo-ney) 
 
 [Chorus + Jay-Z ad libs] 
 
 [J] Gettin that money my nigga[Jay-Z] 
Who da fuck can stop us niggaz, it's gangsta niggaz 
It's gangsta! Woo! It's gangsta nigga! 
All g-g-gangsta nigga, uhh! 
 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [J] You got the green light to drag your motherfuckin mink 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [J] Throw your pinkie ring high in the motherfuckin air 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [J] Drop your top, c'mon! 
 
 [R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)] 
Now I done told y'all niggaz once before 
y'all don't know who you fuckin wit 
Y'all gon' fuck around and make me come up out this music biz 
(Don't make me..) 
This just a record deal, y'all motherfuckers been on some shit 
Bite my style, tryin to get rich, so I decided to flip my shit 
Bene-fit me like a tight outfit, like Mr. Biggs' about to have a fit 
It's, a, bout, to, be, some, shit (please believe it) 
See vin-dawg, and dre-shal, got a nigga real open y'all 
I see haters peepin me, lookin hard like a pu-ssy 
Same fight, different round; same circus, different clown 
Same pussy, different town; assholes how you like me now? 
Kel' and Jigga, the best of both niggaz 
Put two heads together, mean mo' figures (ha) 
Word to Tigger, put me off up in the "Bassment" 
with the rest of the rap niggaz, watch ratings get bigger 
I'm a pimp of this music, the tracks be my hoes 
Sisqo, don't make me kick you out like Devoe 
Haters left, players right.. green light 
 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [J] You have the green light to be as pimp as you want to 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [J] Oh dis gangsta! 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [J] It's so muh'fuckin gangsta! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Psycho, like no, bitch-ass niggaz 
don't wanna see the R.O.C. so you creep low 
Shoot from the line like a free throw 
With this 'nali of mine like a Pi-co 
Leave niggaz far behind like a cheap hoe 
On my grind every time that you see Hov' 
Yeah I got it, come and get it, green light go (go) 
Red dot I stop ya, yellow niggaz move slow 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Red dot I got 'em, tell that nigga move slow 
Head shots pop 'em when I let the uz' go 
He done told fool.. 
Dunn think Dunn loc'in when a gun smokin 
Tell Dunn I been gun-totin 
He don't know he facin death 
Hockey mask on Jason's step 
Don't make me pop past your Raisinette 
You niggaz cow-ass 
You bullshit, I pull shit, and keep a full clip 
 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Green light - go go, go-go-go, go 
 [R] Go go, go-go-go, go[Intro: Jay-Z] 
Uh, its the boy Jay-Z, and the boy R. Kel 
The best of both worlds, please believe it 
Brookland, Chi-Town, to all the beautiful ladies in the world 
Dedicated to TT my niece, everybody in the world, talk to 'em Kel 
That's right, Tone this is mean and vicious man, so mean and vicious 
Rockland, Roc-a-Fella, the best of both worlds, come on 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Lord forgive me I'm ballin' out of control 
Got the spirit of a hustler pouring out of my soul 
Mami I love you but ain't no stopping my stroll 
If you wanna be down with me you gotta rooolll 
Like a roll and if my side of the bed gets cold 
You gotta know that I'm out chasin' doooough 
I'm ain't stunting these hoes 
Stunting my growth if I fuck 'em I'm fleeing them 
I need something to hold 
Then I'm home to you 
I might roam like a cellular phone 
But I never leave you alone I 
Solemnly swear, I was married to the block before I met you 
It's still a part of me there but I 
Solemnly swear, I try but it's in my blood 
Pumping yay since I was yay high 
I'm in love with the life 
So except me for the bastard that I am 
You're still in love with me right? 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Baby I can't figure it out 
Said you pussy tastes like honey 
But I can't stop huggin' the block 
All night tryna get this money 
 
Stuck between these two worlds 
What I'm gonna do with both these girls 
Two main squeezes in separate cities 
Both found out man, shit ain't pretty 
Stuck between these two worlds 
What I'm gonna do with both these girls 
Hard to choose between her and these streets 
Cuz the game keeps calling me 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
Baby girl had me off my grind, off my clock 
I would often find I was off my block 
Couldn't keep her off my mind, my balls were shot 
They never thought that a pause or stop 
Was in my pores to push rock raw 
Take a lost rebound like Bo Outlaw, I'm so outlaw 
Got a hunger for this game, but keep that on the low 
Like a one against the grain 
Got the sun against my brain 
A girl in my ear 
I like her for her 
I'm a dig into this shit, I like it like I like her 
Sometimes I can't figure it out 
I'm in love with the life but she's sticking it out 
She know wanna hug kisses keep a nigga in the house 
Lock down while his niggas is out (out) 
 
 [Chorus X2][Jay-Z] 
Man, they go and tell me like 
you never know who your true friends until you ah umm 
both got a little bit of money 
I mean cause y'all both broke 
then there's no strain on the relationship, y'all both broke 
And if you got money and he ain't got no paper 
He still needs you so you'll never know how he really feel about you 
When y'all both get some paper, you'll see 
 
 [R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)] 
We used to get money together, phone honies together 
Pushin chromed out twinkies in custom coach leather 
You claim it's all love, but nigga it's whatever 
Cause this is business, it ain't personal 
Same dream, same team, same schemes (mm) 
We even sold to the same damn fiends (how real is dat?) 
Ain't no rules in this war for this green 
This is business, and it ain't personal 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Look, I'm a grown man dog 
And I ain't got time to be runnin behind y'all 
I know when I first started it was crazy to y'all 
"He's gon' start his own label, he'll never be able" 
Well, nigga you've been wrong before 
And you'll be wrong again if you bet against him 
We move through the hood like identical twins 
But it just so happen that a nigga made it rappin 
You showed your true colors, y'all niggaz stay yappin 
That don't stop him, a nigga weigh platinum 
Stop through the hood, to say what's happenin? (sup nigga) 
Fake hugz (uh-huh) fake whassup 
Fake love, fake fuck, fake thugs 
Gotta one myself for your fake shit, I raise up 
Hop in my wheels and I peel, streets are blazed up (uh-huh) 
About my bid'ness dog, y'all need to stay up - one 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
We used to get money together, phone honies together 
Pushin chromed out twinkies in custom coach leather 
You claim it's all love, but nigga it's whatever 
Cause this is business, it ain't personal 
Same dream, same team, same schemes 
We even sold to the same damn fiends 
Ain't no rules in this war for this green 
This is business, and it ain't personal 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
I wish, I wish - that success, we could all 
get a piece of it (word) but that ain't real dog (no) 
Cause in these streets it's war, the industry much more 
But rich or poor, I'ma keep it real my nigga 
Invest in chips and watch my money hill get bigger 
And do things like, pull up to some clubs 
in the skirts with Jigga, and yellin out HEY! 
What the fuck, pop that Cris' my nigga 
And then he wants to know how many chips I done sold 
Well it ain't y'all business what's behind my doors 
But y'all niggaz don't appreciate shit 
Helped you out and you still actin like a little bitch 
Then you wonder why I put yo' ass in the tenth row 
when you asked me for some tickets to my TP-2 show 
Lawwwwwwd tell me, why we don't like to see us grow 
 
 [Chorus + ad libs] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
A-Alike (uh-huh) be alike (that's right) 
We don't vibe no more because we don't C/see alike 
And your mom got it twisted, she think Hov' changed 
Nope; Hov's still here like Rogaine 
Ask your boy what he did to the Hov' game 
How he jeapordized the whole game 
Now when we see each other it's so strange 
I don't know whether to hug him or slug him (damn) 
I don't know whether to cap him or dap him 
I don't know what to think of him, I don't know what's happenin 
But what I do know, all the niggaz that you know 
locked up doin a few doe, but who knows? 
Maybe it wasn't you, maybe I'm buggin too (right) 
But I'm scared dog, I don't know what the fuck to do 
Do me a favor, place yourself in my shoes 
The game, no exceptions, gotta follow the rules 
 
 [Chorus][Tone aka Trackmaster] 
So I told shorty I be producing, I be making those beats 
Be making those hits, ya know 
So I told her my name, My name is Tone 
She said "Town!!" 
You know like she never heard of me, ya know 
So I said okay you may know me by my other name 
Sometimes they call me 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
TRACK-MAS-STER 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We see you Tone 
Tone the referee 
We see you, baby 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
C'mon Shorty 
That nigga Hov 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Holla 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Yall niggas don't understand 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uh-uh, they dont understand 
Flow for'em 
No lemme sing for em 
Just sing for'em 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Check It 
Mr. Kell 
Its like this, some of yall niggas got, legs for lips 
Running ya mouth mad cuz I, pop that Cris 
Go up in 3-10, and cop that six 
Then roll around with yo chick 
Some of yall niggas mad cuz I drop these hits 
Thug ass nigga, on some, R&B Shit 
Now that shit done fucked around and, made me rich 
And, For those of you who don't like it, yall can suck my "Uhhhh!!" 
These honies to my suite like I'm, the Pidi piper 
Body ass, hitin high notes, like they Mariah 
Get that pussy wet enough to put out a bonfire 
She be like "Wooooooo", and I be like "Wooooooo" 
When her tides got high, fuck it Ima Don 
Runnin late for the studio, fuck it I'm bout to come 
Dress cold at club fuck it Air Force I's 
Said I wouldn't mention Sisqo, fuck he's a bum 
Ally boom, buaya, Hit you with the right hook 
You be like, what the fuck was that 
Me and Jigga, we are like the industries popo 
Nigga yall best shit can't even fuck with our demo's 
Shorty 
 
 [Chorus 2X: R. Kelly] 
From New York on to L.A. (Shorty) 
Chi-Town we freak the night away (Shorty) 
Miami all the pretty girls (Shorty) 
We know chicks all around the world (Shorty) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Shorty, what yo name is? 
Shorty, who yo man is? 
C'mon and make moves with a dude who move cane 
Like a old man, you know who game this is, Young Hov 
Name is respected in fifty different languages, mommy come roll 
I keep a jet on the runway, Sunday in Paris, London on Monday 
Back to L.A. 
This aint rap, this is real, I could trip and have a meal 
In three hours ma the streets will be ours (Wooooooo) 
Shorty, I got something for you, Wouldn't give a chick a dime before 
but now I wanna spoil you 
Shorty, The trips to the gucc shop, getcha cooch hot 
How bout I do a helipads on the roof top 
Shorty, Ya hella rag, your my rock star Shorty 
Heres my number shit, you don't gotta to call me 
Shorty 
 
 [Chorus 2x] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
I'm chillin in my 4.6, at the light 
5 o'clock in the morning, been drinking all night 
And, Plus I'm high, but it aint over 
4 slim bodies scooped me in a wide body rover 
Panties and bras all the way from the bed to the sofa 
For all you R&B so called playas, I'm bout to coach ya 
Sit right there, and watch me freak yo girl chocha 
Tounge all down her throat as if a nigga was trying to choke her 
Its The Best Of Both Worlds, stickin ya in the "uhhhhhh!!" 
Put ya hands up like it's money in the air 
We bout to rip these charts like Zorro Blade 
So hot your gonna need a cold glass of lemonade 
To all my real live niggas, that shoot dice and play spades 
In a nice crib, word up, drinking the Maid 
On the rizel my nizel, that nigga Jigga is the dizel 
R. Kizel in the hotel swizel's chicks on the mizel's 
 
 [Chorus 2x] 
 
Shorty 
 
Shorty[J] The sixty second assassin 
 [R] TrackMastahhhhhhhhhs 
 [J] Turn that music up! 
 [R] Rocklaaaaaaaaand 
 [R] Hovahhhhhhhhh 
 [J] Woo! Yes, yes 
 
 [R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)] 
Somebody's girl is at this party (woo!) 
Shakin that ass to this (uh-huh) 
Somebody's girl is at this party (woo!) 
Drink that glass of Cris' (that's right) 
Somebody's girl is at this party (uh) 
Sittin in V.I.P. 
Somebody's girl (yeah) is at this party (that's right) 
And she's comin home with me 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Ummmmmm.. I don't mean no harm 
But your boy young Hov' got a mean ol' arm 
Got all the young ladies wanna lean on him 
And I don't turn them away, I'm like - bring them on 
Now - where's her man is not my concern 
It's not what I'm worried about, I'm just tryin to hurry her out 
Clear her whole area out 
And bring this whole party little nearer to my house 
Now - where's her spouse? I don't know 
So, I don't ask, I don't probe 
I just - get in 6, get out on Rov' 
Let her, sip on Cris', go out on tours 
Now - back at the lab, I'm actin bad 
Cause the, pool is warm, a booze is on 
Just a - select few, the fools are gone 
It's slow jams and the grooves is on, groove on 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Somebody's girl is at this party 
Shakin that ass to this 
Somebody's girl is at this party 
Drink that glass of Cris' 
Somebody's girl is at this party 
Sittin in V.I.P. 
Somebody's girl is at this party 
And she's comin home with me 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uhh, is it my fault they call me young heat rock 
Hardhead, go through walls like sheet rock 
And she's comin with me, when the beat stop 
When the party is done, I party with hon 
Now - is it my fault you neglect your broad 
and she wanna party with me, no ex at all? 
No ex-boyfriend, no ex involved 
Just the highway exit that we exit off 
And I - fall back, I let her talk 
I inquire sometime, I admire her mind 
I - like her wit, I'm lovin her shoes 
I'm a alternative rap, I'm playin the blues 
I'm a thorough street nigga never breakin the rules 
And her man's shortcomin is turnin me into somethin 
that of which she has never seen 
So she wanna crossover where the grass is green, knahmean? 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
The moral of the story if you love your bitch 
you better - hold your hoe, hug your bitch 
You better - slow your roll, trick some bread 
When she wanna go out, you like Craig and 'em said 
"See ya when I see ya," now she's callin me up 
And I'm like, "Geah, of course I wanna chill" 
Now she with the real, and you all fed 
Like, "I'ma crack her motherfuckin fo'head!" 
 
 [Chorus][Jay-Z] 
Uh, uhh uhh, Kel's 
Young, M, X, tra, money, let's go 
 
 [Chorus 2X: R. Kelly + (Girl)] 
Girl you know you got a body-adi-adi (do you like it?) 
Where you get your little body-adi-adi (do you want it?) 
Girl I wanna freak your body-adi-adi (what you want it?) 
I just wanna take you home with me 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
She get it from her momma.. 
You can't tie a sweater over that ass, it hotter than pajamas 
We lay back, blowin ganja 
DVD, she make it hard to watch a flat TV - WHOA 
I crept up behind her 
Mami threw it like a quarterback, I caught that like Rice 
I call mami Montana, bandana 
Tied her hands up - this is gangsta love 
Threw on a rap CD, we gangsta fucked 
This ain't R&B smooth, I ain't a R&B dude 
Poured a glass of Army, got mami in the mood 
Then she stripped for me like the "Moulin Rouge" 
I think I might wife her 
Y'know, powder blue Roc-a-Wear suit, white Nike her 
Add mami to the cypher 
R.O.C. for life cuz, the gang motherfucker 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
I make ya hotter than the next bitch - no need 
for you to ever sweat the next bitch - with speed 
I make the next bitch see the exit - indeed 
Gotta know you're ver-ily respected - by me 
You get the keys to the Lexus - but no drive 
You get your own 2002, she through ridin 
Keep yo' ass tighter than Versace 
That's why you gotta watch yo' friends 
You gotta watch me, they connivin shit 
See I just wanna freak your body-adi-adi 
I know you don't do this for everybody-adi 
But everybody ain't as horny as me 
And your body's - callin, me... 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uhh, yeah 
Mami shot through the pad with the Mark Jacobs bag 
The thick stitched seam and her favorite ass jeans 
Y'all know the first date wearers 
to make objects bigger than they appear like a rearview mirror 
Oh her shoe game is real 
She gave 'em the Christian Libountins(?) with the four inch heels 
But honestly my favorite type of gear 
is a scrungy for her hair and LaPearla underwear, clear? 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Girl I hear you callin, let's stop stallin 
Do what we came to do 
Girl I hear you callin, let's stop stallin 
Baby I want you, yeah 
 
 [Chorus][J] Yeah, yeah, it's here niggaz! (wooo-WEEE!) 
 [J] Rockland/Roc-A-Fella collaboration 
 [R] What, what, what, what.. 
 [J] Tone the Referee - the best of both worlds 
 [R] Welcome to the best of both worlds 
 [J] R. Kelly 
 [R] Chi-Town 
 [J] Let's just start frontin on 'em right away (c'mon Jay) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I pull up with the big boy truck, nigga big boy drop 
We be the only big boys that the big boys watch 
Sing to 'em Kelly 
 
 [R] Best of.. both worlds.. (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
The combination of Pappy Mason and Larry Davis 
Martin and Malcolm, this is the bigger than the album 
R-ah 
 
 [R] Oh yeah 
 [R] The best of (best of both) both worlds - ohhhhHHH! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I got a million on that boy singin whatever on the flow 
Y'all got cheddar to blow, whatever, let a nigga know 
Kel's 
 
 [R] The best of.. 
 [J] Back and forth, back and forth, let's do it 
 [R] .. both worlds (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
It's not even close, just leave it alone 
I'm Michael Jordan, I play for the team I own 
Sing to 'em Kel' 
 
 [R] The best of.. both worlds - ohhhhHHH! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Young.. H - flow feared in fifty states 
Young.. Kel's - nigga the best of both worlds 
Holla 
 
 [R] The best of.. 
 [J] Just get gangsta with a nigga 
 [R] .. both worlds 
 [J] Just get gangsta with it (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You can't possibly think you can stop this 
It's prophecy; plus I feel like the nigga Big watchin me 
Kel.. 
 
 [R] Best of.. both worlds 
 [J] Stop playin with these niggaz, talk to 'em! 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
This is for my niggaz down bottom and them hustlers on twenty-two's 
Single parent mothers in the hood is who I'm talkin to 
I know it's rough in the ghetto but let me walk witchu 
Talk witchu, uh-huh, yeah-hea 
And for the ones who put you down and said you wouldn't make it 
But you still held your ground and came up out that basement 
In the memory of those that we lost, it's deicated 
We miss y'all, uh-huh, yeah-hea 
 
 [Jay-Z + (R. Kelly)] 
This right here this whole album's.. 
in the memory of all our fallen soldiers (uh-huh) 
we lost along the way (ohhhhhoooh) knahmsayin, ghetto to ghetto 
City to city, worldwide, we got y'all, y'knahmean? 
(Ghetto America) This album right here represents strength 
(Ohhhh! Yeahhh) Strength in our people, understand it 
 
 [Both] 
Cock-suckers can not touch us, the block love us 
We got the ghetto on our back muh'fuckers 
 
 [R] The best of.. 
 [J] Yeah, right 
 [R] both worlds (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We got this locked for two reasons: we from the hood 
plus we promised both our mommas that we would 
Kel - take 'em to church 
 
 [R] The best of.. both worlds - ohhhhHHH! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We mastered this, don't you know 
I eat beef and breathe acid, weak bastards 
We copped and we crash it 
Then we cop again cause we are classic 
Let me speak for ya R we "Scarface" re-enacted 
"The Godfather" trilogy re-casted 
But it's real like we grievin for Aaliyah with the masses 
But I hope my boy Dash get to see it when he passes 
I feel her soul when the Lee passes 
When the wind blows, it's almost like I see her in the Hamptons 
Even more reason to be up in them mansions 
Laid back, feet up in the hammock, I'ma live for ya 
Big too, 'til they put me in the grave 
I'ma floss 'til they toss me a Bed-Stuy parade 
'Til Chi-Town make a nigga Mayor for a day 
In the memory of Joanne Kelly, let us pray 
 
 [R] Both worlds... welcome to the best of both worldsDear God.. how can I explain myself? 
 [J] Oh God bless me indeed 
When I'm so confused 
 [J] Enlarge my territory 
 [J] Place your love and protection over me at all times 
Help me! 
 [J] Keep me away from evil 
Somebody answer me! [echoes] 
 [J] Allow me not to cause pain 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Police in the background, screamin put the thing down 
That's how hard I was trying to put my thing down 
Si-rens ringin out, old ladies screamin out 
All this attention for me and I'm barely sixteen now 
.. it's feelin like a dream now 
Handcuffed, roughed up, I'm tossed in the bing now 
I'm lyin next to fiends now, that's the end of the story 
Let me bring y'all niggaz back to the very first scene now 
December 4th, a child is born 
Before I knew it, had my pops trousers on 
That's how we do it when the man of the house is gone 
You either, stand or fall, I chose to stand 
The hawk outside, so I blow my hand 
It's a cold cold world but I overstand 
Tryin to stay focused but I feel hopeless damn 
Can't cope with bein broke, I'm a man - c'mon 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Son don't let these streets, get the best of you 
I will be right by your side, when you goin through 
Son just don't let it (just don't let it) 
Just don't let it (just don't let it) 
Just don't let it (just don't let it) 
.. get the best of you 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Late one night I was, rollin the streets 
Just, thinkin about what's goin on with me and 
trapped in this thug life, tryin to break free but 
this thug life just keeps callin me 
I'm livin life way too dangerously 
I'm drownin in my misery 
Looked in the mirror, there's my enemy 
Cause poppa never was a part of me 
Take one step at a time, mama said 
Sweet memories still remain in my head 
All of my life been lied to, misled 
Voices be like, "Don't you wish you was dead?" 
No ground to place my feet 
I feel the fire under me 
A way out is all I need 
Somebody, answer me! 
 
 [Chorus + ad libs] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Now the only thing left is more spirit to roam free 
.. cause ain't no goin home for me 
It's a cold cold world but I blew my hand 
A true first cause I knew that man 
I knew what he would do if I didn't draw first 
And I couldn't stand the thought of my momma steppin foot inside a church 
All I try to do is try to get up out the dirt 
Guess he's tryin to do the same, told me get up out his turf 
I wanted to talk to him, but that shit'd never work 
We was cut from the same cloth and what was under his shirt was his 
momma's rent, his young brother's clothes 
My nephew's food, and with that I suppose 
.. and with that I froze 
Now my life is frozen in time behind these iron folds 
And this story is told, for young soldiers 
who never choose the life we chose 
 
 [Chorus + (ad libs)] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Tears in my eyes as I look up, I'm tryin to 
hold back my pride but reality is screamin 
Gotta get a job cause mo-mma also screamin 
Streets are just like drugs, and it's like I'm out here fiendin 
Forget all the hits in the industry, cause 
ain't no exceptions in this game for me, look 
Neither God or my enemies, I 
choose God cause he understands, this 
young man with a thuggish heart 
Whole world in his hands but still torn apart 
Like I'm so close, but it's still so far 
Nightmares of me in a swervin car, ohhh 
No ground to place my feet (my feet) 
I feel the fire under me (heyyy) 
A way out is all I need (all I need) 
Somebody, answer me! 
 
 [Chorus + ad libs]If your having girl problems I feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
 
 [Verse One] 
I got the rap patrol on the gat patrol 
Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed 
Rap critics that say he's "Money Cash Hoes" 
I'm from the hood stupid what type of facts are those 
If you grew up with holes in your zapitos 
You'd celebrate the minute you was having doe 
I'm like fuck critics you can kiss my whole asshole 
If you don't like my lyrics you can press fast forward 
Got beef with radio if I don't play they show 
They don't play my hits well I don't give a shit SO 
Rap mags try and use my black ass 
So advertisers can give em more cash for ads...fuckers 
I don't know what you take me as 
or understand the intelligence that Jay-Z has 
I'm from rags to ritches nigga I ain't dumb 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
 [Chorus] 
99 Problems but a bitch ain't one 
If you having girl problems I feel bad for you son 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
 [Verse Two] 
The year is '94 and in my trunk is raw 
In my rear view mirror is the mother fucking law 
I got two choices yall pull over the car or 
bounce on the double put the pedal to the floor 
Now I ain't trying to see no highway chase with jake 
Plus I got a few dollars I can fight the case 
So I...pull over to the side of the road 
And I heard "Son do you know why I'm stopping you for?" 
Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hats real low 
Do I look like a mind reader sir, I don't know 
Am I under arrest or should I guess some mo? 
"Well you was doing fifty five in a fifty four" 
"License and registration and step out of the car" 
"Are you carrying a weapon on you I know alot of you are" 
I ain't stepping out of shit all my papers legit 
"Do you mind if I look round the car a little bit?" 
Well my glove compartment is locked so is the trunk and the back 
And I know my rights so you gon' need a warrent for that 
"Aren't you sharp as a tack are some type of lawyer or something?" 
"Or somebody important or something?" 
Nah I ain't pass the bar but I know a little bit 
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit 
"Well see how smart you are when the K-9's come" 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
 [Chorus X2] 
 
 [Verse Three] 
Now once upon a time not too long ago 
A nigga like myself had to strong arm a hoe 
This is not a hoe in the sense of having a pussy 
But a pussy having no God Damn sense, try and push me 
I tried to ignore him and talk to the Lord 
Pray for him, cause some fools just love to perform 
You know the type loud as a motor bike 
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight 
The only thing that's gonna happen is i'mma get to clapping 
He and his boys gon' be yapping to the captain 
And there I go trapped in the kit kat again 
Back through the system with the riff raff again 
Fiends on the floor scratching again 
Paparazzi's with they cameras snapping them 
D.A. tred to give the nigga the shaft again 
Half-a-mil for bail cause I'm African 
All because this fool was horrasin them 
Trying to play the boy like hes saccarin 
But ain't nothing sweet 'bout how I hold my gun 
I got 99 problems but being a bitch ain't one 
Hit me 
 
 [Chorus X3] 
 
You're crazy for this one Rick 
It's your boyYoung! For life 
Once again it's the life, yessss 
(I don't know why, I.. get so high on) 
It's intoxicatin man, y'all don't know why you do what you do 
(Get so high on, get so high - high off the life) 
 
 [Verse One] 
The allure of breakin the law 
Is always too much for me to ever ignore 
I gotta thing for them big body Benzes, it dulls my senses 
In love with a V-Dub engine 
Man I'm high off life, fuck it I'm wasted 
Bey Venay kicks, or them Marvin Kaye wrists 
My women friend get tennis bracelets 
Trips to Venice, get they winters replaced with 
The sun, it ain't even fun no more I'm jaded 
Man, it's just a game, I just play it to play it 
I put my feet in the footprints left to me 
Without sayin a word, the ghetto's got a mental telepathy 
Man my brother hustled so, naturally 
Up next is me, but what perplexes me 
Shit I know how this movie ends, still I play 
The starrin role in "Hovito's Way" 
 
 [Chorus] 
It's just life, I solemnly swear 
To change my approach, stop shavin coke 
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast 
Cause I be doin the most.. oh no! 
But every time I felt that was that, it called me right back 
It called me right back, man it called me right back - oh no! 
 
 [Verse Two] 
I'm like a Russian mobster, drinkin distilled vodka 
'Til I'm under the field with Hoffa, it's real 
Peal the top up like a toupee 
Mix the water, with the soda 
Turn the pot up make a souflee 
All of y'all can get it like group page in your 2-way 
I'm livin proof that crime do pay 
Say hooray to the bad guy, and all the broads 
Puttin cars in they name for the stars of the game 
Puttin 'caine in they bras and their tomorrows on the train 
All in the name of love 
Just to see that love locked in chains and the family came 
Over the house to take back, everything that they claimed 
Or even the worst pain is the distress 
Learnin you're the mistress only after that love gets slain 
And the anger and the sorrow mixed up leads to mistrust 
Now it gets tough to ever love a-gain 
But the allure of the game, keeps callin your name 
To all the Lauras of the world, I feel your pain 
To all the Christies in every cities and Tiffany Lanes 
We all hustlers, in love with the same thang 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three] 
I never felt more alive than ridin shotgun 
In Cline's green 5 until the cops pulled guns 
And I tried to smoke weed to give me the fix I need 
What the game did to my pulse, with no results 
And you can treat your nose and still won't come close 
The game is a light bulb with eleventy-million volts 
And I'm just a moth, addicted to the floss 
And doors lift from the floor and the tops come off 
By any means necessary, whatever the cost 
Even if it means lives is lost.. 
And I can't explain why, I just love to get high 
Drink life, smoke the blueberry sky, blink twice 
I'm in the blueberry 5, you blink three times 
I may not even be alive 
How mean James Dean couldn't escape the allure 
Dyin young, leavin a good lookin corpse 
Of course 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Once again it's the life 
I said it's the life 
Once again it's the life - oh no! 
(I don't why I) why I (get so high on) 
Get so (get so high on) uh-huh 
(get so high - high off the life!) 
Hahahahahahaha - woo![Intro: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, uh, your boy is back 
(Sexy sexy) I know y'all miss the bounce 
Need to bounce for the sexy you know 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Yeah ma, your dude is back, Maybach coupe is back 
Tell the whole world the truth is back 
You ain't got to argue about who could rap 
Cause the proof is back just go through my rap 
New York New York yeah where my troopers at 
Where my hustlers where my boosters at 
I don't care what you do for stacks 
I know the world glued you back to the wall 
You gotta brawl to that 
I been through that, been shot at shoot back 
Gotta keep it peace like a Buddhist 
I ain't a New Jack nobody 'gon Wesley Snipe me 
It's less than likely, move back 
Let I breathe Jedi knight 
The more space I get the better I write 
(Oh) Never I write, but, if, ever I write 
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to death I brought you from the projects 
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go) 
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitute) It's just me 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
And I 'gon tell you again let's get ghost in the phantom 
You could bring your friend we could make this a tandem 
You could come by yourself and you could stand him 
Best believe I sweat out weaves, give afropuffs like R.A.G.E. 
Awww you get If you could move it 
Back it on up like a U Haul truck 
Then run and tell them thugs you heard Hovi knew 
He and the boy Phareal make beautiful music 
He is to the east coast what Snoop is, to the west coast what Face is to Houston 
Young Hov in the house it's so necessary 
No bra with the blouse it's so necessary 
No panties and jeans that's so necessary 
Now why you fronting on me is that necessary 
Do I to you look like a lame 
Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe game 
Whose up on Dot Dot Dot and Vera Wang 
Ma are you insane, let's just 
(Woman speaking: What you want me to do?) 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to death I brought you from the projects 
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go) 
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitute) It's just me 
 
 [Bridge: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
Uh, uh (Sexy sexy) Woo! (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh huh (Sexy sexy) It's so necessary right) (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh huh, woo! (Sexy sexy) That's right it's a groove (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh huh, it's a groove (Sexy sexy) bring it back (Ah ah!!!!) 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
Young Hovi in the house it's so necessary 
No bra with that blouse it's so necessary 
No panties and jeans it's so necessary 
Why you fronting on me? 
Let's go to my hotel cause this don't go well 
With those S Dots, try to stay fresh ma 
Ma, I don't shop what the rest by 
Oh no ma please respect ma 
Jiggy this is probably purple label 
Or that BBC or it's probably tailored 
But y'all niggas acting way to tough 
Throw on a suit get it tapered up, and let's just 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to death I brought you from the projects 
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go) 
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitute) It's just me 
 
 [Outro: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Ah ah!!!) Uh uh (Sexy sexy) sing along (Ah ah!!!) 
Yeah, uh (Sexy sexy) turn your radio up (Ah ah!!!) 
Woo! (Sexy sexy) Put your hands in the air if your in the car (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh! Snap your fingers now (Sexy sexy) woo, uh (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh, uh, your boy is back 
Uh huh, uh, uh, uh, the bounce is back 
Uh, uh, woo, uh Hov is back, peace!!![Jay-Z's Mom:] 
Sean Carter was born December 4th 
Weighing in at 10 pounds 8 ounces 
He was the last of my 4 children 
The only one who didn't give me any pain when i gave birth to him 
And that's how i knew that he was a special child 
 
 [Jay-Z Verse 1] 
They say "they never really miss you til you dead or you gone" 
So on that note i'm leaving after the song 
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay so long 
Atleast let me tell you why i'm this way, Hold on 
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adaness Revees 
Who made love under the Siccamore tree 
Which makes me 
A more sicker M.C. and my momma would claim 
At 10 pounds when i was born i didn't give her no pain 
Although through the years i gave her her fair share 
I gave her her first real scare 
I made it from birth and i got here 
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose 
I ain't perfect i care 
But i feel worthless cause my shirts wasn't matchin my gear 
Now i'm just scratchin the surface cause what's burried under there 
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared 
I went to school got good grades could behave when i wanted 
But i had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted 
Hold on 
 
 [Jay-Z's Mom:] 
Shawn was a very shy child growing up 
He was into sports 
And a funny story is 
At 4 he taught hisself how to ride a bike 
A two wheeler at that 
Isn't that special? 
But, i noticed a change in him when me and my husband broke up 
 
 [Jay-Z Verse 2] 
Now all the teachers couldn't reach me 
And my momma couldn't beat me 
Hard enough to match the pain of my pops not seeing me, SO 
With that distain in my membrain 
Got on my pimp game 
Fuck the world my defense came 
Then Dahaven introuced me to the game 
Spanish Jose introduced me to cane 
I'm a hustler now 
My gear is in and i'm in the in crowd 
And all the wavey light skinned girls is lovin me now 
My self esteem went through the roof man i got my swag 
Got a volvo from this girl when her man got bagged 
Plus i hit my momma with cash from a show that i had 
Supposedly knowin nobody paid Jaz wack ass 
I'm geting ahead of myself, by the way, i could rap 
That came second to me movin this crack 
Gimme a second i swear 
I will say about my rap career 
Til 96 came niggas i'm here 
Good-bye 
 
 [Jay-Z's Mom:] 
Shawn use to be in the kitchen 
Beating on the table and rapping 
And um, until the wee hours of the morning 
And then i bought him a boom box 
And his sisters and brothers said he would drive them nuts 
But that was my way to keep him close to me and out of trouble 
 
 [Jay-Z Verse 3] 
Good-bye to the game all the spoils, the adreneline rush 
Your blood boils you in a spot knowing cops could rush 
And you in a drop your so easy to touch 
No two days are alike 
Except the first and fifteenth pretty much 
And "trust" is a word you seldom hear from us 
Hustlers we don't sleep we rest one eye up 
And the drought to find a man when the well dries up 
You learn to work the water without workin thirst til die YUP 
And niggas get tied up for product 
And little brothers ring fingers get cut up 
To show mothers they really got em 
And this was the stress i live with til i decided 
To try this rap shit for a livin 
I Pray i'm forgiven 
For every bad decision i made 
Every sister i played 
Cause i'm still paranoid to this day 
And it's nobody fault i made the decisions i made 
This is the life i chose or rather the life that chose me 
 
If you can't respect that your whole perspective is wack 
Maybe you'll love me when i fade to black 
 
If you can't respect that your whole perspective is wack 
Maybe you'll love me when i fade to black 
 [repeat 2 more times to fade]You're now tuned into the motherfucking greatest 
Turn the music up in the headphones 
Tim, you can go and brush your shoulder off nigga 
I got you, yeah 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
If you feeling like a pimp nigga, go and brush your shoulders off 
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off 
Niggas is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you 
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder 
 
 [Verse One] 
I probably owe it to you all, proud to be locked by the force 
Trying to hustle some things, that go with the Porsche 
Feeling no remorse, feeling like my hand was forced 
Middle finger to the law, nigga griping my balls 
All the ladies they love me, from the bleachers they screaming 
All the ballers is bouncing they like the way I be leaning 
All the rappers be hating, off the track that I'm making 
But all the hustlers they love it just to see one of us make it 
Came from the bottom the bottom, to the "Top of the Pops" 
Nigga London, Japan and I'm straight off the block 
Like a running back, get it man, I'm straight off the block 
I can run it back nigga 'cause I'm straight with the Roc 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Chorus Two] 
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder 
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder 
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder 
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder 
 
 [Verse Two] 
Your homey Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda 
I just whipped up a watch, trying to get me a Rover 
Trying to stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yes sir 
Keep the Heckler close, you know them smokers'll test you 
But like, fifty-two cards when I'm, I'm through dealing 
Now fifty-two bars come out, now you feel 'em 
Now, fifty-two cars roll out, remove ceiling 
In case fifty-two broads come out, now you chilling 
with a boss bitch of course S.C. on the sleeve 
At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen 
I paid a grip for the jeans, plus the slippers is clean 
No chrome on the wheels, I'm a grown-up for real 
 
 [Chorus + Chorus Two] 
 
 [Verse Three] 
Your boy back in the building, Brooklyn we back on the map 
Me and my beautiful beeeeeeeitch in the back of that 'Bach 
I'm the realest that run it, I just happen to rap 
I ain't gotta clap at 'em, niggas scared of that black 
I drop that +Black, Album+ then I back, out it 
As the best rapper alive nigga ask about me 
From Bricks to Billboards, from grams to Grammies 
The O's to opposite, Orphan Annie 
You gotta pardon Jay, for selling out the Garden in a day 
I'm like a young Marvin in his hey 
I'm a hustler homey, you a customer crony 
Got some, dirt on my shoulder, could you brush it off for me? 
 
 [Chorus + Chorus Two] 
 
You're now tuned into the motherfucking greatest 
 
Best rapper alive, best rapper aliveThank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind 
 
 [Chorus] 
Now can I get an encore, do you want more 
Cookin raw with the Brooklyn boy 
So for one last time I need y'all to roar 
 
Now what the hell are you waitin for 
After me, there shall be no more 
So for one last time, nigga make some noise 
 
 [Verse One] 
Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that 
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at 
Can't none of y'all mirror me back 
Yeah hearin me rap is like hearin G. Rap in his prime 
I'm, young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead 
Back to take over the globe, now break bread 
I'm in, Boeing jets, Global Express 
Out the country but the blueberry still connect 
On the low but the yacht got a triple deck 
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep 
Grand openin, grand closin 
God damn your man Hov' cracked the can open again 
Who you gon' find doper than him with no pen 
just draw off inspiration 
Soon you gon' see you can't replace him 
with cheap imitations for DESE GENERATIONS 
 
 [Chorus - 1/2] 
 
{What the hell are you waiting forrrr?} 
 
 [Verse Two] 
 [sighs] Look what you made me do, look what I made for you 
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you 
When you first come in the game, they try to play you 
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you 
From Marcy to Madison Square 
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yea) 
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears 
to be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye 
When I come back like Jordan, wearin the 4-5 
It ain't to play games witchu 
It's to aim at you, probably maim you 
If I owe you I'm blowin you to smithereeens 
Cocksucker take one for your team 
And I need you to remember one thing (one thing) 
I came, I saw, I conquered 
From record sales, to sold out concerts 
So muh'fucker if you want this encore 
I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore 
 
 [Interlude] 
OWWWW! It's star time 
This man is MADE! He's KILLIN all y'all jive turkeys 
Do y'all want more of the Jigga man? 
Well if y'all want more of the Jigga man 
Then I need y'all to help me, bring him back to stage 
Say Hova, c'mon say it! 
HO-VA! HO-VA! Are y'all out there? [crowd chants "HO-VA! HO-VA!"] 
Are y'all out there? C'mon, louder! 
Yeah, now see that's what I'm talkin bout 
They love you Jigga - they love you Jigga! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I like the way this one feel 
It's so muh'fuckin soulful man! 
(Whoaaaaaahhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh) 
Yeah [crowd still chanting] okay 
 
 [Verse Three] 
So this here is the victory lap 
Then I'm lea-vin, that's how you get me back 
After a year of them 16's, it's one point two 
And that's two point four, and I'm only doin two 
You wanted to gain attention new dudes 
I can get you BET and TRL too 
You wanna be in the public, send your budget 
Well fuck it, I ain't budgin! 
Young did it to death, you gotta love it 
Record companies told me I couldn't cut it 
Now look at me, all star-studded 
Golfer above par like I putted 
All cause the shit I uttered, was utterly ridiculous 
How sick is this? 
You want to bang, send Kanye change, send Just some dust 
Send Hip a grip, then you got' spit 
A little somethin like this, WOO! 
 
{What the hell are you waiting forrrr?} 
 [piano plays out as crowd cheers loudly]Uhh, this feel right right here Quik 
It's like it's 'sposed to happen this one right here 
Young! God damn.. 
.. let me justify my thug on this one right here 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
It goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock rock 
Five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock rock 
Eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock, the party bout to pop 
Then - Roc-A-Fella y'all, it's your boy S. Dot 
And I ain't never been to jail; I ain't never pay a nigga 
to do no dirt for me I was scared to do myself 
I will never tell even if it means sittin in a cell 
I ain't never ran, never will 
I ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands 
to himself or get clapped for what's under that man's belt 
I never asked for nothin I don't demand of myself 
Honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth 
Death before dishonor and I tell you what else 
I tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help 
Foolish pride is what held me together through the years 
I wasn't felt which is why I ain't never played myself 
I just play the hand I'm dealt, I can't say I've never knelt 
before God and asked for better cards at times to no avail 
But I never sat back feelin sorry for myself 
If you don't give me heaven I'll raise hell 
'Til it's heaven 
 
 [Chorus - imitating Madonna] 
Justify my thug! 
"For you!" - [Run-D.M.C.] 
My thug.. (hoping..) 
My thug.. (praying..) for you 
to justify my thug! 
My thug.. (hoping..) 
My thug.. (praying..) for you.. 
"For you! Fresh" - [Run-D.M.C.] 
 
 [Verse Two: Jay-Z] 
Now if you shoot my dog, I'ma kill yo' cat 
Just the unwritten laws in rap - know dat 
For every action there's a reaction, don't have me relapsin 
Relaxin's what I'm about, but about mine 
Don't be actin like you can't see street action 
Take me back to +Reasonable Doubt+ time 
You see my mind's on the finish line, facin the wreck 
I put my muh'fuckin faith in the tec, tell Satan not yet 
You understand I am chasin my breath 
I am narrowly escapin my death, oh yes 
I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster 
Travellin Mach 5, barrelin, my power can stop God 
God forgive me but I can't let them deliver me to you 
Until, I won this race, then eventually 
My engine gon' burn out, I get whatever is meant for me 
However it turns out fine - red line! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three: Jay-Z] 
They say an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight 
And two wrongs don't make a right 
But when you been wrong and you know all along that it's just one life 
At what point does one fight? (Good question right!) 
'Fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in it 
Ten-and-a-halfs, for a minute-and-a-half 
Bet that stops all the grinnin and the laughs 
When you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag 
When your options is none and the pen is all you have 
or the block, niggaz standin tight, there's limits on the ave 
Tryin to cop or shot-call theyself cleansin in the cash 
But can't put they name on paper cause, then you on blast 
Mr. President, there's drugs in our residence 
Tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us 
Mr. Governor, I swear there's a cover up 
Every other corner there's a liquor store - fuck is up? 
 
 [Chorus][Chorus:] 
Lucifer, dawn of the morning! 
I'm gonna chase you out of Earth 
Lucifer, Lucifer, dawn of the morning... 
(I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital) 
Lucifer, Lucifer, dawn of the morning! 
I'm gonna chase you out of Earth 
(Kanyeeze you did it again, you're a genius nigga!) 
Lucifer, Lucifer, dawn of the morning... 
So you niggas change your attitude 
For they asking what happened to you 
 
 [Verse One] 
Lord forgive him 
He got them dark forces in him 
But he also got a righteous cause for sinning 
Them a murder me so I gotta murder them first 
Emergency doctors performing procedures 
Jesus 
I ain't trying to be facetious 
But "Vengance is mine" said the Lord 
You said it better than all 
Leave niggas on deaths door 
Breathing off res-por-rators 
for killing my best boy, HATERS 
On perminate hiatus as I skate 
In the Maybach Benz 
Flya the Sanna Lathan 
Pumping "Brown Sugar" by D'Angelo 
In Los Angeles 
Like an evangelist 
I can introduce you to your maker 
Bring you closer to nature 
Ashes after they cremate you bastards 
Hope you been reading your psalms and chapters 
Paying your ties being good Catholics 
I'm coming 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Two] 
Yes 
This is Holly war 
I wet you all with the Holly water 
Spray from the Hetckler Koch auto 
Matic all the static shall cease to exist 
Like a sematical I throw a couple at you 
Take six 
Spread love to all of my dead thugs 
I'll pour out a little Louie 'til I head above 
Yes Sir 
And when I perish 
The meek shall inherit the earth 
Until that time it's on a poppin Church 
Like Don Bishop 
The fifth upon cock either 
Lift up your soul or give the Holly ghost please 
I leave ya in somebody's Cathedral 
And stunting like Evil Kenevil 
I'll let you see where that bright light lead you 
The more you talk the more you irking us 
The more you gonna need memorial services 
The Black Albums second verse is like 
Devil's Pie please save some dessert for us 
 
Man I gotta get my soul right 
I gotta get these Devils out my life 
These cowards gonna make a nigga ride 
They won't be happy 'til somebody dies 
 
Man I gotta get my soul right 
'For I'm locked up for my whole life 
Everytime it seems it's all right 
Somebody want they soul to rise 
(I'll chase you off of this Earth) 
 
 [Verse Three] 
I got dreams of holding a Nine milla 
To Bobs killer 
Asking him "why?" as my eyes fill up 
These days I can't wake up with a dry pillow 
Gone but not forgotten Holmes I still feel ya 
So... curse the day that birthed the bastard 
Who caused your Church mass 
Reverse the crash 
Reverse the blast 
And reverse the car 
Reverse the day, and there you are 
Bobalob 
Lord forgive him we all have sinned 
But Bobs a good dude please let him in 
And if you feel in my heart that I long for revenge 
Please blame it on the sun of the mourning 
Thanks Again(Woooooo) 
(Yeah) 
(Turn the music up turn the lights down I'm in my zone) 
 
 [Chorus:] 
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity 
This moment of honesty 
The world'll feel my truths 
Through my Hard Knock Life time 
My Gift and The Curse 
I gave you volume after volume of my work 
So you can feel my truths 
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out 
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt 
(You all can't fill my shoes) 
From my Blueprint beginnings 
To that Black Album ending 
Listen close you hear what I'm about 
Nigga feel my truths 
 
 [Verse One] 
When Pop died 
Didn't cry 
Didn't know him that well 
Between him doing Heroine 
And me doing Crack sales 
With that in the egg shell 
Standing at the tabernacle 
Rather the church 
Pretending to be hurt 
Wouldn't work 
So a smirk was all on my face 
Like damn that mans face was just like my face 
So pop I forgive you 
For all the shit that I live through 
It wasn't all your fault 
Homie you got caught 
And to the same game I fault 
That Uncle Ray lost 
My big brothers and so many others I saw 
I'm just glad we got to see each other 
Talk and re-meet each other 
Save a place in Heaven 
'til the next time we meet forever 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Two] 
The music business hate me 
'cause the industry ain't make me 
Hustlers and boosters embrace me 
And the music I be making 
I dumb down for my audience 
And double my dollars 
They criticize me for it 
Yet they all yell "Holla" 
If skills sold 
Truth be told 
I'd probably be 
Lyrically 
Talib Kweli 
Truthfully 
I wanna rhyme like Common Sense 
(But I did five Mil) 
I ain't been rhyming like Common since 
When your sense got that much in common 
And you been hosteling since 
Your inception 
Fuck perception 
Go with what makes sense 
Since 
I know what I'm up against 
We as rappers must decide what's most important 
And I can't help the poor if I'm one of them 
So I got rich and gave back 
To me that's the win, win 
The next time you see the homie and his rims spin 
Just know my mind is working just like them 
(The rims that is) 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three] 
My homie Sigel's on a tier 
Where no tears should fall 
'cause he was on the block where no squares get off 
See in my inner circle all we do is ball 
Til we all got triangles on our wall 
He ain't just rappin for the platinum 
You all record 
I recall 
'cause I really been there before 
Four scores and seven years ago 
Prepared to flow 
Prepare for war 
I shall fear no man 
You don't hear me though 
These words ain't just paired to go 
In one ear out the other ear 
NO 
YO 
My balls and my word is all I have 
What you gonna do to me? 
Nigga scars'll scab 
What you gonna box me homie? 
I can dodge and jab 
Three shots couldn't touch me 
Thank God for that 
I'm strong enough to carry Biggie Smalls on my back 
And the whole BK nigga holla back 
 
 [Chorus][Notorious B.I.G. interview] 
I'm just, tryin to stay above water y'know 
Just stay busy, stay workin 
Puff told me like, the key to this joint 
The key to staying, on top of things 
is treat everything like it's your first project, knahmsayin? 
Like it's your first day like back when you was an intern 
Like, that's how you try to treat things like, just stay hungry 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
Uhh, uhh, yes, yes 
Y'all wanna know, why he don't stop 
Y'all wanna know, why he don't flop 
Let me tell you pe-eople why 
Came from the bottom of the block I 
When I was born, it was sworn, I was never gon' be shit 
Had to pull the opposite out this bitch 
Had to get my ri-ide on 
Eyes on the prize, Shawn knew I had to 
Had to had to get these chips 
Had to make moves like Olajuwon 
Started out sellin dimes and nicks 
Graduated to a brick 
No exaggeration, my infatuation with the strip 
Legendary like a schoolboy 
Crushin merely nearly every every chick 
Heavy shit - that's how schoolboy got whipped 
And got left on some "Just +Me, Myself and I+" 
On some Trugoy shit 
Had your boys threw place up, to a place of no return 
Had to play with fire and get burned 
Only way the boy ever gon' learn 
Had to lay way in the cut, 'til I finally got my turn 
Now I'm on top in the spot that I earned 
 
 [Chorus] 
It's my life - it's my pain and my struggle 
The song that I sing to you it's my ev-ery-thing 
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first 
And my thirst is the same as - when I came 
It's my joy and my tears and the laughter it brings to me 
It's my ev-ery-thing 
 
 [Verse Two: Jay-Z] 
Like I never rode in a limo 
Like I just dropped flows to a demo 
Like it's ninety-two again and 
And I got O's in the rental 
Back in the Stu' again, no prob' livin was a whole lot simpler 
When you think back, you thought that 
you would never make it this far, then you 
take advantage of the luck you handed 
Or the talent, you been given 
Ain't no, half steppin, ain't no, no slippin 
Ain't no different from a block that's hidden 
Gotta get it while the getting's good 
Gotta strike while the iron's hot, 'fore you stop 
Then you gotta bid it, good riddance 
Goodbye, this is my second major breakup 
My first was, with a pager 
With a hooptie, a cookpot, and the GAME 
This one's with the stool, with the stage, with the fortune 
Maybe not the fortune, but certainly the FAME 
 
 [Chorus] 
It's my life - my pain and my struggle 
The song that I sing to you it's my ev-ery-thing 
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first 
And my thirst is the same as - when I came 
It's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me 
It's my ev-ery-thing 
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first 
And my thirst like the first song I sang 
 
 [Outro: Jay-Z] 
Woo! It's like the blues - we gon' ride out on this one 
Ta-tah, be-hah 
Yo Hah, 'member you was makin them dashes 
for them niggaa at radio and shit? 
Clark Kent, that was good lookin out nigga 
Carlene - who ever thought we'd make it this far homey? 
Sha, they can't stop us, knahmsayin? Lenny S 
Dame whattup? Robbin the bank 
Niggaz thought we was crazy man, 'member uhh 
You had that fucked up ass handwritin 
You was writin all the numbers that we was spendin now 
for the videos we was doin ourselves, whattup? 
Original Flavor, your accountant was crazy wrong and shit 
But we we still put it together 
Bigs, whassup? 'Member we went to St. Thomas and uh 
But y'all my nizzle, your dog peed on homey leg and shit 
at his crib - I think that was Rudy 
And they was havin a lil trouble with the pool 
You and Ta-tah was laughin 
Emory was there, whattup Emory? What up Ta? 
Hip-Hop, whattup man? 
Ay, ay Hobb, you ain't, you ain't have no uhh 
You ain't have no muh'fuckin seat on your, on your bicycle 
Now you uhh, the head of black music 
That's what I'm talkin bout right there homey - G, whattup G? 
Yessir, e'rybody in the Roc 
Hey Guru, I know you spoiled man 
I be takin them shits in one take 
You gon' have to punch niggaz shit, STICK IT, you gon' be tight 
OG One, whattup? 
I'm a little upset that you wasn't involved in this whole process 
But it's all good - whassup Dash? 
My whole family, my nephew, cousin Angie, whassup? Te-Tee 
(B, B, B, B) Mom, you made the album, how crazy is that? 
Bob Allah, rest in peace 
My pops, rest in peace (Sup A.J.?) 
Biggie Smalls, rest in peace 
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh 
Nigga, I'm bout to go golfin man 
Ay, I might even have me a cappuccino, fuck it! 
I'm goin somewhere nice where no mosquitos at nigga 
Holla at me - it's your boy![Intro] 
Yo once a pimp gets threats 
That's right, that's the - the that's, that's threats them 
And I'm serious about mine, I'm so sin-surr 
And I, nigga I'll kill ya, I'll chop ya up 
Put ya inside the mattress like drug money nigga 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, I done told you niggaz 
9 or 10 times stop fuckin with me 
I done told you niggaz 
9 albums, stop fuckin with me 
I done told you niggaz 
The 9 on me, stop fuckin with me 
You niggaz must got 9 lives 
9th wonder 
 
 [Verse One] 
Put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya 
Am I frightenin ya? Shall I continue? 
I put the gun to ya, I let it sing you a song 
I let it hum to ya, the other one sing along 
Now it's a duet, and you wet, when you check out 
the technique from the 2 tecs and I don't need two lips 
To blow this like a trumpet you dumb shit 
This is a un-usual musical I conductin 
You lookin at the black Warren Buffett so all critics can duck sic 
I don't care if you C. Delores Tuck-it 
Or you Bill O'Reilly, you only rylin me up 
For three years, they had me peein out of a cup 
Now they bout to free me up, whatchu think I'm gon' be, what? 
Rehabilitated, man I still feel hatred 
I'm young black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but 
You never had me like Christina Aguiler-y 
But catch me down the Westside, drivin like Halle Berry 
Or the FDR, in the seat of my car 
Screamin out the sunroof death to y'all 
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars 
I put the wolves on ya, I put a price on your head 
The whole hood'll want ya, you startin to look like bread 
I send them boys at ya, I ain't talkin bout Feds 
Nigga them body-snatchers, nigga you heard what I said 
 
 [Chorus] 
I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin 
Put your smarts on the side of your garment 
Nigga stop fuckin with me 
R. -- I. -- P. 
 
 [Interlude] 
That's right there nigga, nigga I'm wild 
Nigga I keep trash bags with me 
Never know when you gotta dump a nigga out 
This sin-surr, this some sin-surr SHIT right hurr! 
 
 [Verse Two] 
Grown man I put hands on you 
I dig a hole in the desert, they build The Sands on you 
Lay out blueprint plans on you 
We Rat Pack niggaz, let Sam tap dance on you 
Then, I Sinatra shot ya God damn you 
... I put the boy in the box like David Blaine 
Let the audience watch, it ain't a thang 
Y'all wish I was frontin, I George Bush the button 
Front of all you in your car lift up your hood nigga run it 
Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it 
Your boy got the goods y'all don't want nuttin of it 
Like, castor oil, I Castor Troy you 
Change your face or the bullets change all that for you 
... y'all niggaz is targets 
Y'all garages for bullets, please don't make me park it 
in your upper level, valet a couple strays 
from the 38 special, nigga, God bless you 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Interlude] 
Yeah I'm threatening ya, YEAH I'm threatening ya! 
Who you thank you dealin with? 
They call me Threats, nigga I been makin threats 
since I been in kindergarten nigga! 
Huh, ask about me, see if you ain't heard 
 
 [Verse Three] 
When the gun is tucked, untucked, nigga you dies 
like numchuks held by the Jet L-I 
I'm the one, thus meanin no one must try 
No two, no three, no four, know why? 
Because one's four-five might blow yo' high 
You ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' God 
It's a match made in heaven when I [blaow] 'splay the 7 
Put you on the nigga news, UPN at 11 
Where you been, you ain't heard, got the word that I'm 
 [blaow blaow] that I'm so sin-surr? 
I'm especially Joe Pesci with a grin 
I will kill you, commit suicide, and kill you again 
That's right 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Outro] 
Whattup? Motherfucker I keep three motherfuckers what? 
Nigga I'll throw a Molotov cocktail through your momma's momma's house 
Nigga what the - where everybody live! 
Undercover nigga take your teeth out your mouth nigga 
Chew your food up and put the shit back in your mouth nigga 
and help you swallow 
Nigga I take a mop handle off nigga 
And sweep nigga - hold on, I'll be - nigga what?[talking] 
Uhh uhh uhh. 
You ready B? Let's go get 'em.. 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Look for me! Young, B 
Cruisin down the westside - high, way 
Doing what we like to do - our, way 
Eyes behind shades, this necklace the reason 
all of my dates been blind dates 
But today, I got my thoroughest girl wit me 
I'm mashin the gas, she's grabbin the wheel, it's trippy how hard 
She rides with me - the new Bobby and Whitney 
Only time we don't speak is during "Sex and the City" 
She gets Carrie fever, but soon as the show is over 
She's right back to being my soldier 
Cuz mami's a rider, and I'm a roller 
Put us together, how they gon' stop both us? 
What ever she lacks, I'm right over her shoulder 
When I'm off track mami is keepin me focused 
So let's, lock this down like it's supposed to be 
The '03 Bonnie and Clyde, Hov' and B 
 
 [Chorus] 
 [Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend. 
 [Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend. 
 [Jay] All I need in this life of sin, is me and my girlfriend. 
 [Bey] Down to ride 'til the very end, it's me and my boyfriend. 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
The problem is, you dudes treat the one that you lovin 
with the same respect that you treat the one that you humpin 
Now they 'bout nothin - if ever you mad about somethin 
It won't be that; oh no it won't be that 
I don't be at, places where we comfy at 
With no be-atch; oh no you won't see that 
And no, I ain't perfect - nobody walkin this earth's surface is 
But girlfriend, work with the kid 
I keep you workin' at Hermes, Birkin Bag 
Manolo Blahnik, Timbs, aviator lens 
600 drops, Mercedes Benz 
The only time you wear Burberry to swim 
And I don't have to worry, only worry is him 
She do anything necessary for him 
And I do anything necessary for her 
so don't let the necessary occur, yep! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Beyonce] 
(Talk to 'em B) 
If I was your girlfriend 
I'll be there for you, if somebody hurts you 
Even if that sombody's me 
Yeah-hee (break it down for 'em) 
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be 
And so I put this on my life 
Nobody or nothing will ever come between us 
And I promise I'll give my life 
my love and my trust if you was my boyfriend 
Put this on my life 
The air that I breathe in, all that I believe in 
I promise I'll give my life 
my love and my trust if you was my boyfriend 
 
 [Chorus]Uhh, yeah, uh-uhh-uh 
Uh-huh, uh-uh-uhh, uhh, uhh 
I ain't tryin to be RUDE DUDE 
but give a nigga some space 
I ain't tryin to be rude dude 
Just, give a nigga some space 
Just tryin to talk honey dog 
I ain't got time to waste (check it) 
 
 [Jay-Z sings] 
Why is you over here lookin at me 
while all these girls up in here? 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What you gay? Nigga Jay straight like indian hair 
Y'all don't want me to spray the semi in here 
I mean if you a fan I consider you fam' 
But shake a nigga hand, but shit god damn 
All that ("Do you remember me dawg?") Nah I'm drawin a blank 
You got me feelin like a fish, in a fish tank 
Just think, if you came to a club 
Tryin to find a little hon for some one-night love 
'Stead you got another nigga all up in your mug 
You make me uncomfortable thug, go thatta-way! 
And kill the ice grill homes 
Cause I keep enough heat to melt THAT away 
I came in some sweats, I came to get met 
Tryin to find a chick that make it hard for me to "next!" 
We exit stage left, hope in the Lexus 
Treat me like a baby, mouth on her breast-es 
.. may I suggest that it's 
a lot of long-legged chicks in short-ass dresses 
.. go find you one 
Go get your dance on, go grind on one, damn 
.. go find you one 
Go get your dance on, go grind on one 
 
 [Chorus] 
Quick question - yo, why you over here? 
So many hoes in here 
My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there 
It's so many hoes in here 
I ain't tryin to be rude dude, whyon'tcha dissapear? 
There's so many hoes in here 
I understand you got issues but I really don't care 
There's so many hoes in here 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yea yea yea I know you rap and your sister spit too 
You been callin the office and you can't get through 
I understand all that, but now ain't the time 
I came to the club to get that off my mind 
And all you thugs with your war stories startin to bore me 
I ain't tryin to hear about your guts and glory 
I'm tryin to hear B.I.G. and some cuts from Nore 
And you keep talkin over the beat like Clue ("Do you remember?") 
.. go find somethin to do 
You're a janitor, go find somethin to screw 
Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel 
Play hide and seek witchaself for real, huh 
The chick came dressed up just to get messed up 
She got her hair done, just to get it sweated up 
Shit I'm tryin to help her out 
Whyon'tcha help me out and be out? 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jeah, jeah, jeah 
 
 [Timbaland: repeat 3X] 
You're invadin my space 
You need to, be easy, ahh 
 
You're invadin my space 
C'mon dawg, be easy, ahh 
 
 [Timbaland] 
Uh-uh, I don't know why they do that 
Heh, I don't understand 
Heh, what you need to do, is.. 
 
 [Timbaland: repeat 3X] 
Stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here 
 
C'mon dawg, stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here 
Be easy[Jay-Z] 
This here's a ballad for all the fallen soldiers 
I'ma bout 'ta show you how a hustlers life (this is life man) 
and a soldier's life, parallel 
And the one thing they got in common is pain (forget about me for a second) 
Picture split screen 
On one side we got a hustler getting ready for the block (human beings) 
Other side you got the soldier getting ready for bootcamp (soldiers) 
They're both at war (this is life) 
Stay with us 
 
 [Chorus] 
Did you ever notice, before you think, life goes fast 
So don't you worry, about what you see, it will pass 
 
 [Verse 1] 
You lost him mama, the wars calling him 
Feel its his duty to fall in line with all of them 
He's a soldier 
Rose through the ranks as the head of your house hold 
Now its time to provide bank 
Like he's supposed tah 
Now just remember while he's going to November 
Theres part of him growing up 
His shirts soaks up your tears as he holds yah 
Your heart beatin so fast speeding his pulse up 
Yeah i know it sucks, Life aint a rose bud 
A couple of speed bumps 
You gotta take your lumps 
Off to Bootcamp, the worlds facing terror 
Bin Laden been happenin in Manhatten 
Crack was anthrax back then, back when 
Police was Al'Qaeda to black men 
While I was out there hustling sinning with no religion 
He was off the wall killing for a living 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 2] 
Days turn to nights, nights turn to years 
Years turn to "how the fuck we make it in here?" 
My barracks average couple fights a day 
Get you locked in a hole wont see the light of day 
And I feel like I'm just writing my life away 
I never thought shit could end up quite this way 
There's a war going on outside no man is safe from 
I'm here for the good fight only the fakes run 
I'm here for the purple heart, if I cant take one 
For my team or my siblings whats my reason for living? 
I love my niggas more then anything else 
This war's about my family, me needin the wealth 
You dont understand how useless as men we felt 
Till you become a 5 star general 
Shout out to my niggas that's locked in jail 
P.O.W.'s thats still in the war for real 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Your baby boy is getting grown 
So your baby boy is moving on 
I've gotta chase (gotta chase it) 
If I'm gonna make it (gonna make it) 
Your baby boy is getting grown 
So your baby boy is moving on 
I'm gonna make it 
Even if I gotta take it (gotta take it) 
 
 [Verse 3] 
Mama said pray your sons becoming a man 
This wars taxin to 'em like Uncle Sam 
He ain't gonna always make the right choice, understand 
Every choice that he make he makes it for his fam 
It's death before dishonour 
And if hes gone you should honor his memory 
Dont cry we all gonna die eventually 
But if he's locked in the penetentiary send him some energy 
They all winners to me 
(What's up kid?) 
 
 [Chorus][Jay-Z] It was all a dream 
 [scratched simultaneously: "It was all a dream" - B.I.G.] 
 
 [Faith Evans + (Jay-Z)] 
Last night I had a dream 
Thoughts was racing through my head (it was all a dream) 
Felt so real to me 
This is what was said.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Had a dream I said, about who he said? 
about B.I.G. I said, that's big he said 
Dig what he said, proceed he said 
Indeed I said, so - breathe I did 
Don't repeat what I say I said, he said nothing 
He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this 
What I believe to be a yes I repeated what was said 
It came to me like a well as even I said 
"What's the deal, playboy?" was the greeting he said 
First thing I wanted to know, what's the reason he was dead? 
"More money -- more problems, better believe it," he said 
"Careful what you wish for you might receive it," he said 
I see I said, jealousy I said 
Got the whole industry mad at me I said 
Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself 
nobody built like you, you've designed yourself" 
I agree I said, my one of a kind self 
Get stoned every day like Jesus did 
What he said, I said, has been said before 
"Just keep doing your thing," he said, say no more 
 
 [Faith Evans] 
Was it all a dream - tell me 
Was it all a dream, was it a dream 
Was it all a dream 
I gotta know ("It was all a dream") 
Was it all a dream - was it a dream 
Was it all a dream, a dream 
Was it all a dream 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine 
Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine 
Hanging pictures on my wall 
Every Saturday, "Rap Attack," Mr. Magic, Marley Marl 
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped 
Smoking weed and bamboo, sipping on private stock 
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack 
with the hat to match 
Remember Rappin' Duke? "Duh-ha, duh-ha" 
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far 
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight 
Time to get paid, blow up like the ("World Trade") 
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner 
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner 
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri 
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky 
I'm blowing up like you thought I would 
Call the crib, same number same hood, it's all good 
Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga 
 
 [Faith Evans] 
Was it all a dream - tell me 
Was it all a dream, was it a dream 
Was it all a dream 
I gotta know ("It was all a dream") 
Was it all a dream - was it a dream 
Was it all a dream, a dream 
Was it all a dream 
 
("It was all.. a dream") 
("It was all..") 
("It was all.. a dream") 
("It was all a dream") 
("It was all.. a dream") 
("It was all..") 
("It was all.. a dream") 
 
 [the beat drops out and Jay-Z raps the next part acapella] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I see I said, jealousy I said 
Got the whole industry mad at me I said 
Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself 
nobody built like you, you've designed yourself" 
I agree I said, my one of a kind self 
Get stoned every day like Jesus did 
What he said, I said, has been said before 
"Just keep doing your thing," he said, say no moreSwear to God I just touched down 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z + (LaToiya)] 
All around the world.. (same song) 
Killa Cali nigga (same song) 
A-T-L (same song) 
Real-adelphia.. dude it's all around the world 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
London, England, South of France 
And all points between they know about your man 
Konichiwa ladies when I'm out in Japan 
I'm a Tokyo Giant like Ichiro, I am 
piss poor nigga from the hood but I blew 
Now I bounce six-fours up and down Crenshaw 
Spot me the hotel, the Cap', or Capri 
Bathrobe, slippers in the lobby like weed 
Your man'll stand manta ray, handlin a steak 
And handlin the modern stand about five-eight 
Five-nine fine wine fine dine either that 
or I'm mixin in Switzerland, tryin to buy time 
Ballin out in Bali when it's gorgeous out in Cali 
Brunchin at the 4 Seasons, off the heezy 
When it's back home nigga back to the zone 
Nigga back to the books to the rhymes that took me 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z + (LaToiya)] 
All around the world.. (same song) 
Brooklyn bombers (same song) 
Detroit players (same song) 
Chi-Town.. all around the world 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Said it's all love, Sure Club, M-I-A 
Party at bungalow eight, when I stay 
Pool look like a hundred Beyonce's 
A couple fiances, I'm the new DeVante 
"Come and Talk to Me" mami in the Ea-sy 
Garant, I hope, she ain't too young 
Only twenty-one and older let another nigga mold her 
I'm just tryin to show her how a baller and a roller 
sleep one place, sell the pie to keep the engine 
runnin then I wake up in Martha's Vineyard 
Same boss this year, I think I'm gon' spend Christmas 
reminisce about the time my mom couldn't spend Christmas 
Now I'm gon' send her on her own little wish list 
Anywhere in the world, anywhere for my girl 
Forever my lady, blind crippled and crazy 
A ticket and you pay to see D - sweet Sade 
 
 [LaToiya] 
Sade, Sade, don't you know I love you sweet Sade, Sade 
All around the world 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Said it ain't where you from yo it's where you at 
Real niggaz out in Brooklyn, some niggaz don't clap 
It's real killers out in Cali, some niggaz just act 
Hollywood like they out the hood, it's all to the good 
Real players in the D-Twa, some of them throwed 
Slackin on they mackin, rest haven for hoes 
Real pranksters in the Chi, most of them real folks 
Disciplined Gangsters, come on Charlie I know 
Shit it ain't about your city or borough 
It's bout if you really as thorough 
And if you are, holla at your boy 
I put my hand on my heart, that means I feel you 
Real recognize real and you lookin familiar 
I'ma Bed-Stuy nigga but I do it to death 
I promise I'm as St. Thomas homey eatin at Chef's 
One-twelve, A-T-L, the sun up yet? 
Then we party like the sun don't set 
 
 [LaToiya] 
We gon' take you all around the world.. it's the same song (same song) 
Everywhere (same song) 
It's the same song (same song) 
We gon' take you all around the world.. same song (same song) 
Same song (same song) 
Same song (same song) 
All around the world.. 
 
 [harmonizing to the end][Rell] 
We're the ones with the flame ( [Jay-Z:] "Yeah") 
We're the fire that remains ( [Jay-Z:] "Turn Rell up a little bit") 
We're controllin' the game from now on ( [Jay-Z:] "Huh") 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah! It's the world reknown 
Internationally connected 
Locally accepted 
Roc-A-Fella Records 
Don't get it confused ( [Rell:] "Roc, baby") 
Doin' what we do ( [Rell:] "It's The Roc, baby") 
B. Sig., Rell, Peedi Crakk, Free, Young H-O, Bleek ( [Rell:] "You understand") 
Introducin' 
 
 [Young Chris] 
It's Young C ( [Neef:] "Young C!") 
Home of Philly, young and hungry 
All the girlies wanna fall in lust with me 
And every hood in the world discussin' me 
I hated once when I didn't give it up to Neef 
 
 [Neef] 
It's Neef Buck ( [Chris:] "Neef Buck!") 
Out the cut ( [Chris:] "Out the cut!") 
All the haters wanna claim that they fuck with us 
It ain't a game, niggas know that they Toys R Us 
They can't fuck with us 
 
 [Young Chris] 
AAAWWWWWW 
 
 [Sparks] 
I'm the one 
Man I'm money, hoes, clothes and shows 
To do with your ho all wrapped in one 
I'm not done 
Man, I'm the shit after its all said and done 
The one to cop one, come back for another one 
Quick fast, like rapid refund 
I'm the grrrrrrr mean green out the money machine 
I'm not done 
I'm Omilio, and interviews thought you could hold Sparks in the hood 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
And you like it 
 
 [Young Chris] 
All those haters talkin shit we don't like it 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
We love it 
That black mask, black glove shit 
Roll up on him don't budge, bitch 
With my mack, and my tech 
And my vest, just like that 
For them niggas thinkin' Mack Milli not really from the streets 
I'm that gallstone trapped in the belly of the beast 
 
 [Rell] 
Those seen here we'll lead you forever 
And we will not leave you, never 
And our voices will ring ( [Sparks:] "rrriinngg") together 
As one 
 
 [Young Chris] 
AAAWWWWW 
 
 [Freeway] 
It's young Free 
Move, workin' the wheel 
Hand jerkin' the V 
Busters don't let you crossed the line 
Thinkin I'm off my job 
But I'm on like Chris when he popped his cuz 
Thinkin them slugs'll fly 
 
 [Peedi Crakk] 
Call me P.C. 
Tempers feelin', I peel 
Look how I'm killin' the wheel 
The fitted tilt to the left 
The shirt blend with the sweats 
Your girls skirts invest 
She undressin', don't stare 
Check the picture nigga 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I'm the one 
Young H-O, a game of one 
What you think I'd do to the brain of that dame you brung 
Listen hon, twist one, this Armi, sip some 
It's only 40 proof, it feel like 151 
When I'm done 
Make a run with The Roc 
Rock Air Force 1's 
Rock a bun, hide shit in her hair when I come 
Through customs, cops can't bust him 
It's Hov the Hustler, I'm having one hell of a run 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
And you like it 
 
 [Young Chris] 
All those haters talkin' shit we don't like it 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
No, we love it 
I got a mommy with a body, don't touch it 
You can't fuck wit 
Young Easy, I on the Just Blaze production 
You get nothin' 
We get enough spins 
Can't stop us from coppin bottles while we clubbin' 
It's the R-O-C forever, tell the public, huh! 
 
 [Rell] 
Those seen here we'll lead you forever 
And we will not leave you, never 
And our voices will ring ( [Sparks:] "rrriinngg") together 
As one 
 
 [Young Chris] 
AAAWWWWW[Jay-Z] 
Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that (Jay-Z won't hold my hand no more) 
Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that 
Jay-Z that, Jay-Z this (Jay-Z won't give me no money) 
Get off Jay-Z dick 
What y'all niggas get front page articles, y'all mention Jay-Z name 
(This thing on?) Jay-Z, Jay-Z, in Jay-Z news 
I understand what y'all trying to do 
I brought the flutes this time, though 
I unleashed the flutes on them, guru 
Gimme some more music in the headphone 
Let's get the proceedings proceeding this evening 
Let's do this thing (let's do it right this time) 
C'mon 
 
H, O V A 
I got my mojo back baby, oh behave 
Naw, naw, don't be afraid 
Y'all and your articles, hard to spit at Jay 
Y'all from afar threw thoughts my way 
What you thought, I would naught have nothing to say? Nope! 
Y'all fell into the booby trap 
I set the trap just to see dude react, and now 
And now you'se can't leave 
You opened the door god, I'm at you annually 
And I'm sorry Miss Rosie Perez 
I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is 
But you can't give cred to anything dude says 
Same dude to give you ice and you owe him some head 
(Shortyyyy!) It's time to wake up the dead 
You sound a little naive in them articles that I read 
 
 [Hook (x2)] 
H, O V A 
The Blueprint 2 baby, on the way 
H, O V A 
I got my mojo back baby, oh behave 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Can't y'all, see that he's fake, the rap version of TD jakes 
Prophesizing on your CDs and tapes 
Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes 
And this is with whom you want to place your faith? 
I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine 
When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line 
Donating proceeds off every ticket sold 
When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no? 
Ain't I supposed to be absorbed myself? 
Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help 
They call me this misogynist, but they don't call me the dude 
To take his dollars to give gifts at the projects 
These dudes is all politics, depositing checks 
they put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lot of lip 
And y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype 
Cause the nigga wear a coofie, it don't mean that he bright 
Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice 
It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write 
Is it "Oochie Wally Wally" or is it "One Mic"? 
Is it "Black Girl Lost" or shorty owe you for ice? 
I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit 
Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat 
But I will not lose, for even in defeat 
There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens it up for me 
When the grass is cut, the snakes will show 
I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that though 
Saving me the hassle of speaking to half of these assholes 
And I'ma let karma catch up to Jaz-O, whoa 
I'm back before you had a chance to miss me 
My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history 
Who you know flow vicious as me? 
Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov 
I get the spoils cause the victor is me (me, nigga) 
You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be 
The street dreamin, all y'all niggas living through me 
I gave you life when niggas was forgetting you emcee 
I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me 
You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee 
I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen God you a flea 
And the little homey Jungle is a garden to me 
What's the problem B? You not as hard as me 
Nigga hard as we, nigga R O C, nigga 
That's why they follow me, they feel my pain and my agony, nigga 
I won't rest till you on one knee 
You want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga 
Until you on one knee, you want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga 
 
 [Hook (x2)]Can you hear me now? Good! (Blueprint 2 baby!) 
The best of times, it was the worst of times (aoww) 
It's "The Gift & the Curse" 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
R.O.C. YEAH, number one click HERE 
If you represent US, throw them diamonds up YEAH 
Now let's be CLEAR, I ain't goin no-WHERE 
Now that you KNOW, holla at your boy 
HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov') 
(Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov') 
 
 [overlapping first Chorus] 
Yeah, Roc-A-Fella Records 
You know what diamond is 
We ain't goin nowhere, put your diamonds up 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Standin in my b-boy stance 
Free, Beans, Memphis where you at nigga? 
(Right here) Snatch Cam and it's a rap 
This here rap belong to us, nobody strong as us, it's a fact 
Hold up I'm just warmin up, gimme a second to get it back 
Young Chris, Neek what? Oschino and Sparks 
Next summer's yo' summer, tear this motherfucker up 
Young is eternal, my young'uns'll burn you 
"The Blueprint" birthed, nigga I earthed you, you can't be serious 
Young cause I'm thirty-two, dressed like I'm twenty-two 
Flow like a 18, do what I wanna do 
Goin on my 8th ring, got Phil Jackson's and 
flow is black magic, I'm at it again 
Rose Bowl with black karats, "Horse & Carriage" to spend 
like Mason Betha, chasin this cheddar, to the end 
of the road because the end I'm told is nearer than we know 
What can I say but live for today, HOV'! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, "The Blueprint 2" homey, follow the moves 
You put on two tube socks, you couldn't walk in my shoes 
I was dealt a bad hand, fuck what else could I do 
but keep somethin up my sleeve that'll help me through 
But can you believe, everywhere I'm at, models come through 
Cat-fightin, cat-walkin, it happens often 
It's true how society don't want me to move 
into the penthouse building with spectacular views 
They're like uhh, "He's a menace he could never be a tenant" 
I'm like ooh, what's a young nigga to do? 
I bring the brothers to the building give a feeling that I don't 
give a fuck we just chillin watchin chandelier ceilings high as fuck 
Old lady, don't blow my high 
'specially if you don't know my life, don't make me bring 
Sharpton in it cause I'm dark-skinneded or 
dude with the 'fro and the Rainbow Coalition, I'ma 
victim of a single parent household, born in a mousehole 
Mousetrap, niggaz wanna know 
How so, how Jay get up out that, here, yeah 
I snatched purses I per-se-vered, yeah 
I had work, fiends purchased, it was clear 
I was out there sellin hope for despair, but stop there 
I swear, I only make good from my mouth to God's ears 
Had to get out the hood 
And I can't justify genocide 
But I was born in the city where the skinny niggaz die 
Born in the city where the skinny niggaz ride 
And as a skinny nigga I had beef with high size 
 
 [Chorus][Intro: Jay-Z] 
You can't roll a blunt to this one 
You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J 
You gotta puff a J on this one {*inhales*} 
You can't even drink Crist-ALL on this one 
You gotta drink Crist-ALL 
Buy some red wine, a little Gocha 9-7 
This is for the grown and sexy, uhh 
 
 [Pharrell - over the end of Jay-Z's intro] 
You're so contagious, I can't take it 
Have my baby, let's just make it 
Ex-cuse me; what's your name? 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, can I get my grown man on for one second? 
Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be hangin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z 
(Pharrell: So hot to trot.. la-dy!) 
Excuse me miss, what's your name? 
Can you come, hang with me? 
Possibly, can I take you out, to-night 
 
 [Verse One] 
You already know what it's hittin for 
Ma I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sittin on 
50/50 venture with them S dots kickin off 
Armadale poppin now, only bring a nigga more 
Only thing missin is a Missus 
You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers 
Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner 
to play spades with the cards up, ALL TRUST 
Who else you gon' run with, the truth is us 
Only dudes movin units - Em, Pimp Juice and us 
.. it's the Roc in here! 
Maebach outside got rocks of air 
PJ's on the runway, Young got air 
I don't land at a airport, I call it the clearport 
Therefore, I don't wanna hear more 
back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla! 
 
 [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! 
 [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it 
 [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it 
 [Jay-Z] I got my Gocha 9-7 on right now 
 [Ph.W.] La-dy.. 
 [Jay-Z] You gotta puff a J to this one 
 [Jay-Z] Can't roll a blunt up to this one boy 
 [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it 
 [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it 
 [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? (AOWW!) 
 [Jay-Z] Cause I see some ladies tonight 
that should be rollin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z 
 [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? 
 [Jay-Z] Cause I see some ladies tonight 
that should be rollin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z 
 [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. 
 
 [Verse Two] 
Everybody's like, "He's no item! Please don't like him. 
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!" 
Now she don't like him, she never met him 
Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em 
He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em 
Better them than me, she don't agree with him 
She's mad at that, he's not havin that 
So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets 
She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin along 
with a flashy nigga braggin on the song 
She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that 
He 2-ways her, so she writes back 
Smiley faces after all of her phrases 
Either she the one or I'm caught in "The Matrix" 
But fukkit, let the +Fish-burne+ 
Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon! 
 
 [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! 
 [Jay-Z] You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one 
 [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it 
 [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it 
 [Jay-Z] You might go, you mighta gotta go get you some Scooby Doo's 
 [Ph.W.] La-dy.. 
 [Jay-Z] Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's; those are shoes by the way 
 [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it 
 [Jay-Z] Gotta throw on Scooby Doo's, hehehehe 
 [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it 
 [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? 
 [Jay-Z] This for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy 
 [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? 
 [Jay-Z] Woo! 
 [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. 
 
 [Verse Three] 
Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one 
you can easily get past, but that chapter is done 
... but I'm done readin for now 
Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now 
But ma you got a f'real f'serious role 
I'm bout to give you all the keys and security codes 
Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playin 
But, before I jump out the window, what's your name? 
 
 [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! 
 [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it 
 [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it 
 [Ph.W.] La-dy.. 
 [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it 
 [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it 
 [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? 
 [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? 
 [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot..Yeah it's magic 
Uhh, Jay-Z and Lenny Kravitz 
And it's a Heavy D product you bastards 
Come on 
Ha hey yo stop playing man 
This is real serious 
Ha (It's the rock) yeah yo 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Post Postatono, Hov' hanging with Bono 
You too can live like Salvatore Ferragamo 
And you too can cool out poolside after Delano 
And you too flow like you was out of your mind yo 
And who knew dude who loved apple pies from McDonald's 
Would soon be the boss of the Big Apple, ya know 
And who knew dude would play ball for the NBA 
Would make a mistake on the who know it stayed still in the way 
Who knew that would be his last shot, who drew up that play 
They giveth and they taketh life is cruel that way 
But even a broken clock is right at least two times a day 
You could have turned Guns into Roses like two times today 
Now there's something you gotta say two times to Jay 
I got my shades on waiting for the sun to shine my way 
Got my boom box, suntan lotion waiting for action 
Its safe when you play with skills, good luck could happen 
Let's go 
 
(C'mon) It's the Roc [repeat 4X] 
That's right 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
It got to hot so I jumped off in this rap shit 
You got it criss-crossed ain't no turning me backwards 
Too many District Attorneys concerned with the actions 
Of one individual he's criminally attached 
I turned in all my rap chips I'm earning my bachelors 
While dating all the models and actresses 
I'm learning all the potholes in every single barrio 
Trying not to mess up my axis kid 
On the road to riches through trafficking 
Through rappining whatever's happening 
Roc-a-wear I'm the young black Ralph Lauren 
Every time I get out they put me right back in 
The Michael Corleone of the microphone 
The Michelangelo of flow I paint pictures with poems 
I gather no moss like a rolling stone 
Case the Grim Reaper visits my home, nigga I'm gone c'mon 
 
(C'mon) It's the Roc [3X] 
(C'mon) That's right (C'mon) 
 
 [Lenny Kravitz: repeat 2X] 
Life is all about Guns and Roses 
Bittersweet like friends and foes 
Some get left behind, some get chosen 
Just like life, Guns and Roses 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Tote, more Guns then Roses, foes is, visibly shook of the invisible book, let's go 
Flowers need water to grow, it gotta rain 
And in order to experience joy you need pain 
Every time a baby is born, somebody slain 
You know the saying, somebody's loss is another's gain 
The sun comes out when the water goes down the drain 
A rainbow then the cloud comes out we do it again 
Everything evens up, you just wait 
Even a garbage can gets a steak 
You ain't even a garbage can you have faith 
But when it turns your way before it turns away 
To turn that into something you gotta learn from Jay 
You will get return in your investment if attention you pay let's go 
 
(C'mon) It's the Roc [3X] 
(C'mon) That's right (C'mon) 
 
 [Lenny Kravitz: repeat 2X] 
Life is all about Guns and Roses 
Bittersweet like friends and foes 
Some get left behind, some get chosen 
Just like life, Guns and Roses 
 
Life is all about Guns and RosesYes, yes YEP! 
Welcome to the.. Jay-Z extravaganza 
I'd like to introduce my band right now 
Just Blaze and the Blazettes, hehe 
Right now I want you to give the drummer some 
No ma really, give the drummer some 
Uhh 
 
Touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable 
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby) 
Yeah, ch-chi-uh, uh-ch-ch-uh, un-breakable 
Rock the unrockable (it's Hovi baby) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Follow the flow, look 
They say a midget standin on the giant's shoulder can see much 
further than the giant.. (the giant..) 
So I got the WHOLE rap world on my shoulder they tryin to see 
further than I am.. (than I am..) 
And I have been tryin to be patient with they preoccupation 
with David and Goliath.. (Goliath..) 
But sooner or later, that patience gonna run it's course 
and I'm forced to be a tyrant.. (be a tyrant..) 
But bein tyrant, comin through your environment 
Iron mask, nigga iron gas, nigga I am back 
With "The Team," no I in that 
R.O.C., y'all not eyein that 
Y'all don't see, clearly cause the reign ain't gone 
"The Dynasty," no not Ming but Shawn's 
Dame careems, nigga it's the gangsta team 
Stop your run, one of the reasons that they call us gangrene 
The other reason, we got a gang of green 
If there's better at gettin cheddar that remains to be seen, nigga 
 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! Jeah, jeah 
 
 [Chorus] 
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable 
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby) 
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable 
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby) 
 
Can't move the unmoveable, stop the unstoppable.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jeah, look 
I'm so far ahead of my time, I'm bout to start another life 
Look behind you, I'm bout to pass you twice 
Back to the future and gotta slow up for the present 
I'm fast, niggaz can't get past my past 
How they propose to deal with my perfect present? 
When I unwrap "The Gift & the Curse" in one session 
Ain't no livin person can test him 
Only two restin in heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as him 
Seven straight summers, critics might not admit it 
But nobody in rap did it, quite like I did it 
If you did it I done it before, you get I had it 
Got mad at it and don't want it no more 
And that goes for everything from flippin that raw 
Flippin whores, flippin vocal chords, don't get it twisted 
Get it right, did different, did it better, did it nice 
Did the impossible then did it twice (get it right) 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yup! Hovi's home, the global phone 
The world is back in order the number one rap recorder is back 
You cats overfelt yourself 
You couldn't help yourself, now witness the reel for reel 
In my absence cats get, absent-minded 
Now it's time to rewind and remind 'em 
why I'm in the position that I am 
changin the game, my game could nail Madonna 
Well after I'm gone, they'll honor 
history in the makin, Pistol Pete 
leave competition shakin without missin the beat 
Chasin the hi-hat all over the track 
The snare is scared of the air in here, BOOM! 
And plus I get paper dog, don't let me forget 
The watch face so blue like it's holdin it's breath 
Can't see me skill for skill or check for check 
It's the bow tie flow dog, I bring it to your neck 
Live and correct I will bring it to your set 
I got now, I don't care who got next 
Rapper slash exec, Kordell Stewart 
Your flow all y'all usin is mine, you're all useless 
You ain't a factor, who are you foolin? 
You all are faggots, you takin it backwards (takin it backwards) 
I'm tryin to progress with this rap shit 
Nigga, nigga your whole career is a accident 
Who was gassin 'em? (Fuck outta here!) 
 
 [Chorus][singing: Paul Anka + (Jay-Z)] 
Now, the end is near (Can you believe this shit Guru?) 
So I face (I'm from the hood man) the final curtain 
(No the REAL hood the hood, not the RAP hood) 
(The REAL hood, like three pair of pants) 
My friends, I'll say it clear (pair of sneakers) 
(My moms is bustin her ass) State my case 
(Nigga I'm going to Japan tomorrow!) Which I'm certain 
(You understand what I'm saying? Can you believe that?) 
I lived a life that's full (They have people, waiting) 
(at the airport like five days like I'm a Beatle or somethin) 
(That's really somethin!) And I travelled each, and every highway 
(Seen the best of the best, the worst of the worst) and more 
Much more than this (still here) I did it my way 
Let's try this one 
 
 [Jay-Z + (singer)] 
Uhh, yeah... gangsta nigga! 
Put my hustle down, tore the game up nigga 
Took your high score down, put my name up nigga 
Tore the doors down 'til the Hall of Fame is Jigga 
I did it my way (and more.. much more than this) 
That's right, it's a beautiful thing man! 
(I did it my way) I did it my way -- Hovi baby! 
 
Momma's youngest and strongest, survived summers like saunas 
Mastered a corner like Deion in his uniform 
Pop hurting assertive, flirted with death 
Damn near murdered before my first album hit the shelf 
Grandma's favorite, she could not understand 
how there's people in the world who wouldn't want me as a neighbor 
Has to explain to her, you think these folks want me in the penthouse 
as a reminder that I make top paper? 
Black entrepreneur, nobody did us no favors 
Nobody gave us shit, we made us 
The Rap Pack, I'm Sinatra, Dame's Sam Davis 
Big's the smart one on the low like Dean Martin 
We came in this game, not beggin niggas pardon 
Demanding y'all respect, hand over a check 
And while y'all at it, hand over the jet 
We the reason they ain't hand over Def Jam so quick 
They new every year I was droppin new product 
I was raisin the stock up, while building the Roc up 
But that's alright, cause they knew they had to see us 
When it was time for us to re-up, make us multi-million-ires 
Je-je-jeah! 
 
(And more, much more than this; I did it my way) 
 
Jeah! "In My Lifetime" 
I caught smaller cases, but I had capital 
Hypocritic system let me right back at you 
You better hope a rich rapper never attacks you 
Not even that scratches you, 'specially if you black dude 
They don't give a shit unless the accused just happen to rap 
And they can look good by paintin him as bad news 
Cause in my past, I seen dudes get half of they views 
exposed to the curb and nobody said a word 
So imagine how disturbed I was 
When I seen how big they made my fight scene at the club 
Let me explain exactly how this shit was 
This nigga Un yo I scratched him, he went home without an aspirin 
But it's cool cause he's back friends, and half-inning is over 
It's in the past and I'm glad, now I'm back to being Hova 
Maybach with the chauffeur, laid back 
Helicopter seat, feat inclined, shit feeling like a sofa 
Helicopter meet me, Teterburo take me over 
somewhere peaceful for the weekend now it's back to speaking of vultures 
So the next time that page six approaches us 
Here's a quote from Jay, nigga I did it my - way 
 
(And more, much more than this; I did it my way)Woo! Uhh, uhh 
It's "The Gift & the Curse" 
Uhh, uhh yea 
First they love me then they hate me then they love me again 
.. they love me again 
Let's take a trip down.. I gotcha 
 
Let's take a trip down memory, lane at the cemetery 
Rain grey skies, seems at the end of every 
young black life is this line, "Damn - him already? 
Such a good kid," got us pouring Henn' already 
Liquor to the curb for my, niggas up above 
When it, cracks through the pavement that's my way of sendin love 
So, give Big a hug, tell Aa-liyah I said hi 
'Til the next time I see her, on the other side 
He was just some thug that, caught some slugs 
And we loved him cause, in him we, saw some of us 
He walked like us, talked like us 
His back against the wall, nigga fought like us - damn 
Poor Isis, that's his momma name 
Momma ain't strong enough to raise no boy, what's his father name? 
Shorty never knew him, though he had his blood in him 
Hot temper, momma said he act just like her husband 
Daddy never fucked with him, so the streets raised him 
Isis blaming herself, she wish she could've saved him 
Damn near impossible, only men can raise men 
He was his own man, not even him can save him 
He put his faith in a, thirty-eight in his waist 
But when you live by the gun you die by the same fate 
End up, dead before thirty-eight and umm 
That's the life of us raised by winter, it's a cold world 
Old girl turned to coke, tried to smoke her pain away 
Isis, life just, ended on that rainy day 
When she got the news her boy body could be viewed 
down at the City Morgue, opened the drawer, saw him nude 
Her addiction grew, prescription drugs, shift and brew 
Angel dust, dipped in WOO! 
She slipped into, her own fantasy world 
Had herself pregnant by a different dude 
But reality bites and, this is her life 
He wasn't really her husband, though he called her wife 
It was just this night when, moon was full 
And the stars were just right, and the dress was real tight 
Had her sounding like Lisa Lisa - I wonder if I take you home 
will you still love me after this night? 
Mike was the hardhead from the around the way 
that she wanted all her life, shit she wanted all the hype 
Used to hold on tight when he wheelied on the bike 
He was a Willie all her life he wasn't really the one to like 
It was a, dude named Shy who would really treat her right 
He wanted to run to the country to escape the city life 
But I-sis, like this, Broadway life 
She loved the Gucci sneakers, the red green and whites 
Hangin out the window when she first seen him fight 
She was so turned on that she had to shower twice 
How ironic it would, be some fight that 
turned into a homicide that'll alter their life 
See Mike at thirty-two was still on the scene 
Had a son fifteen that he never saw twice 
Sure he saw him as an infant, but he dissed on him like 
"If that was my son, he would look much different. 
See I'm light-skinned and that baby there's dark 
so it's, momma's baby; poppa's maybe." 
Mike was still crazy out there running the streets (fuck niggas want?) 
Had his old reliable with thirty-eight gun in his reach 
It's been fourteen years, him and Isis ain't speak 
He running around like life's a peach, 'til one day 
he approached this thug that, had a mean mug 
And it looked so familiar that he called him "Young Cuz" 
Told him, get off the strip but the boy ain't budge (fuck you) 
Instead he pulled out a newer thirty-eight snub 
He clearly had the drop but the boy just paused (hold up) 
There was somethin in this man's face he knew he seen before 
It's like, lookin in the mirror seeing hisself more mature 
And he took it as a sign from the almighty Lord 
You know what they say about he who hesitates in war 
(What's that?) He who hesitates is lost 
He can't explain what he saw before his picture went blank 
The old man didn't think he just followed his instinct 
Six shots into his kid, out of the gun 
Niggas be a father, you're Killing your son 
Six shots into his kid, out of the gun 
Niggas be a father, you Killing your sons 
 
Meet the parents.. [echoes and slows down as it fades][Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] 
And we gonna stay hustling on that block until we caught 
And we gonna stay showing off that jewelry that we bought 
And we gonna stay leaving out the stores with heavy bags 
Cause we poppin tags, pimping we be poppin tags! 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
We arose, let's go 
"So Fresh So Clean" like 'Kast 
Jay-Z be popping tags 
Leaving the mall with heavy bags 
You know the boy got a love for the cash 
Aw fuck, there he go again 
Talking about hoes and dough again 
Yup!  Can't hold it in 
I'm surprised I got so much dough to spend 
But, back when I was poorer then 
You wasn't focusing, about the dough I spend 
But I was holding in, I was a roller then 
I was a baller back then, all of that man 
Fall back, I fought that 
What would you do if you was in my shoes? 
Leave dudes in the rearview 
V-12 engine, corners spinning 
Twinkies shining, pinky ring 
Armadale, nigga stinky stink 
Top, down, my cash is up 
Gold chain, I don't give a fuck 
Gold brain'll get you in the truck ma 
That's right, you in luck ma 
You see me cruising down, better step inside 
Ain't enough room to fit you all in the ride 
First come, first served basis 
You know Hov' be goin to nice places 
That's right, and I'm droppin cash 
Leave the mall with garbage bags 
Gucci this, Prada that 
Roll with you boy you'll be popping tags 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Two: Twista] 
It's a party when I go up in the store 
Shoppin while I'm zooted off the dro' 
Rollin like a nigga that just came up on a mill' 
and I got 'em sweeping and pickin up tags off the floor 
Bag full of clothes I remember having rocks in the hall 
on the glimmer with the glock by the ball 
Serving up a jab and working security 6 to 6 
Then it's straight from the block to the mall 
Now what's on the wall? Go ahead and treat yourself 
When you come up on some cheddar better pop that tag 
Like when I dip off in the Prada then I go off 
to the lot lay the paper down and cop that Jag 
I got a console full of ammunition and funds 
Mink Roc-a-Wear and some guns 
Petty in a fresh pair of jumps, blo-packs and Bo Jax 
and Air Maxes, throw back some ones, no max for none 
(When I go up in the store a nigga never get enough) 
I'm a baller and if you want it come and get it now 
(Nigga come to a race with a car you won't catch up) 
And the Twista kinda wicked when I spit it now 
I be choppin up cheddar with Kanye 
Chop a little cheddar up with Jay 
Chop it up with the O-to-the-Kizay 
Poppin big tags with the flow and the dough, we get bi-zay! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three: Killer Mike] 
Uh-huh, what's up? Tell you something about me.. 
My throwback game is whiffle wicked 
Saint Patties day, green pinstripe, number 20 Mark Spitz'n 
Jersey ooh-wee with the matchin Nu*Wear fitted 
White boys say my style is bitchin 
Keeping coke in the kitchen 
Keep a glock that will shock and bring the rest 
tucked underneath my Mitchell and Ness 
I, travelling, handling with a forty-five cannon 
It's tucked in my Marc Buchanan 
Extra clips and shells in the lambskin 
Two deep by Pelle Pelle 
Westside how they felly fell 
More G's on me, than a late 80's Gucci leather 
worn by the great Rakim himself 
Stitch my Dapper Dan oh man with the gun in hand 
I leave your blood squirting 
No offense, I'll put your face on the chest 
of a sweatshirt drawn by Shirt Kings 
I been fucking, a hustle, married to a racket 
since the first Air Jordan's and Starter jackets 
I slept with a package, under mattress 
I carry guns heavy speakeasy, slight with the fight words 
I'll put something hot through your motherfucking iceberg 
Got a project chica, named Rica 
She keep a purse full of dro' reefer 
Small, pinkies like that 
Talk 'til the paper fat 
I rock somethin, roll chief +Sacks+ like Daddy Fat! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Four: Big Boi] 
Pop tires in reverse, you'll be needin a nurse 
Leave you laying on your back in a Cadillac hearse 
Now your momma in all black with a matchin purse 
I know you wanna blow up, but a funeral hurts 
What's worse, you can hit the mall and ball 'til you fall 
Have to make a collect call, but your cell cut off 
Trot to the mailbox thinkin a check but the mail's run short 
No more MD, DD, LD 
That means Movie Date, Dinner Date, Lunch Date, help me please 
My sheets is gone 
Long bread to the short bread, word is bond 
Meticulously pompously serve the song 
Act a damn donkey 
Like the pilgrims when they popped a tag on the Indians home 
Drop top rag-o with the weed gone 
Chilling, bags in the trunk full of FAO Schwartz for the chill'uns 
Spent a few shillings 
Sip a few chickens, lick a few kittens, just kidding 
A fresh bowl of milk is in the fridge and 
Can you pop the tags on the honeycombs 
Or are you acting mad cause the money done 
slowed, down, just a little bit 
Dipped, poked out, did some shull-bit 
Acting like a pitfall bull-pit 
Dead game is the pul-pit 
Leave a motherpumper with his John Doe toe tag clipped 
Imperial classic, a lyrical thrashing 
A miracle happening 
Jay-Z, Killer Mike and Big Boi rappin and rhyming and smabbin 
Pop that tag on some of this game 
Holla-tic, swallow and keep the change 
 
 [Chorus][Jay-Z] 
Catch up, niggas 
 
Damn you fadin' hov, how you gave 'em that? 
Audemars-Piguet, with the alligator strap 
Sick of y'all niggaz with ya now or later raps 
Rap about it now, hope you get it later 
Do a couple shows, hope you niggas is savin' up 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON 
This particular watch be a one of one 
That means none before it, none to come 
The homie that's rappin' be the only one that has it 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON 
You ain't heard? I push the sixes when the fives is out 
You can't fight me, in the porsche I'll box you out 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON 
We don't drive X5's we give 'em to baby-mammas 
Push the big top that shake like the Kansas Chicken Snackboxx 
I get it crackin' when I'm backing out the garage 
A 360 drop farage, shutdown manhattan 
Bucket low, like fuck it, though 
Nights on, daytime, lights on, hell yeah I'm frontin' but you love it, though 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON 
Nigga I'm a check writer your royalty recievers 
Y'all eaten off Per Diem, on the low like a cesar 
Pay ya taxes, you niggaz is husttlin' backwards 
I cop and crash whips, Jay is a bastard 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON 
How you want it, my jeans is 300 
This ain't Diesel, nigga, these is Evisu 
Top is rock, you know the rest 
A big bucket of frozen water on my chest 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON 
Get a crate, some crack, and some house slippers 
A newspaper, look out boy, and get ya chips up 
Or get a gun, a mask an escape route 
Some ducktape'll make 'em take you to the house 
And ma don't give him nothin', unless he treatin' you special 
Soon he'll get desperate, and go down and bless you 
And when he come up for air, with a mouth full of hair 
Just grab your coach bag and get the fuck outta there, yeah 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON 
Look, think big, fuck getting your nails done 
Think cars, cribs, jewels, some shit for your son 
Don't let 'em give you, hard dick and bubble gum 
Make him cop the Lex bubble, 2001 hon 
I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON 
And if your man got you bagging up, it could be worse 
Just put a little in the baggy, put a little in the purse[Chorus] 
(Please believe that) Some how some way 
We gotta make it up out the hood some day 
Some how some way 
We gotta make it up out this life 
Some how some way 
We gotta make it up out this life 
Some way we gotta make it up out this life 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Weather we dribble out this motherfucker 
Rap metaphors and riddle out this motherfucker 
Work second floors, hospital out this motherfucker 
Some how we gotta get up out this motherfucker 
Some day the cops will kill a motherfucker 
I don't always want to be this drug dealing 
Motherfucker damn 
Wish I could take us all on this magic carpet ride 
Through the sky I 
Use to play the hall up fifth floor me and my boys we 
All poor getting high I 
seen the worst of the worst I deserve every blessing 
I received I'm from the dirt 
I planted my seed on unfertile land Myrtle Park 
Marcy, Flushing and Nostrand and 
Still I grew some how I knew the sun will shine through 
And touch my soul take hold of my hand 
Look man a tree grows in Brooklyn 
 
 [Chorus] 
Some how some way 
I gotta make it up out the hood someday 
Some how some way 
I gotta make it up out this life 
Some way I gotta make it up out this hood someday 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
 [Talking:] To old Nell, Sigel street I ain't forget you 
 
Twenty niggas on the block trying to chase that buck 
Nosey neighbors and haters keep their face on stuck 
Cops roll up on the pavement break the dice games up 
Behind smoke kids can't chase the ice cream truck 
Girls fighting over Rollie young boys hype things up 
Niggas fighting over Cold young boys light things up 
All the petty ass wars fuck the night scene up 
Remember Lil' Eddie man how he light mean up 
Then they wonder why we light green up 
Back to back steamers trying to relax but I can't 
I lean up ain't the L or the refer that steam up 
It's my head stress to the point I get a fever 
Thinking bout the block and all the mothers and kids 
That can't leave and how the Chinks gotta feed'em 
For the rest of their life fucking wings fried 
Vegetable rice(gotta be kidding) 
No breakfast Cap'n Crunch at night 
Our kids eating lunch at night 
In their beds all bunched in tight 
No less than three or four(you know how it go) 
Two by the foot two by the headboard 
Man I'm getting scared for them (Yeah I know) 
Thats how I feel for them 
And we gotta grip the shorties on the block 
All they do is smoke weed and drink forties 
Cop their quarties 
Enough to get the latest ROC, newest glock, and old Jordies 
 
 [Chorus] 
Some how some way 
We gonna make it up out the hood someday 
Some how some way 
We gonna make it up out this life 
Some how some way 
We gonna make it up out the hood one day 
Some way we gonna make it up out this life 
 
 [Scarface] 
Right here another lil' story bout this click I claimed 
Another chapter based on how I get that game 
Hanging round my neighborhood and bang my street 
Sit and watch the passer-bys play my sweep 
South-side sunny side 
Blocks I run South Vegas, South Paul 
Nigga all got guns 
Over here we got this poor (?) get that there 
We know tomorrow ain't promise so we get that there 
Fuck sitting in the living room guarding the steps 
Working inside a slump house starving to death 
Serving these nigga flippers, quarter-ounces and 
Zippers agents snapping your picture neighbors 
Plotting to get ya 
Situations is critic I was out here to get it 
Living it like a savage cause nigga I gotta have it 
And holding back all the mothers for a minute 
Pumping hard dog 
Erase enough to walk it down and fuck it all dog 
Love being willied and your creek gonna rise 
I'm be a nigga and these streets gonna rise 
(Some how some way) 
(Some how some way) 
I'm be a nigga and these streets gonna rise 
 
 [Chorus] 
Some how some way 
We gotta make it up out the hood some day 
Some how some way 
We gotta make it up out this life 
Some how some way 
We gotta make it up out the hood some day 
Some way we gotta make it up out this life 
 
 [Whistling][unknown singing] 
That old fashioned word.. it's a word called LOVE! 
Called looooove, called looo-oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo-ove 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Oh! This must be the way the nigga 'Pac felt when he made 
"Me Against the World," "All Eyez on Me" 
Y'all niggaz got me feelin like all eyes on me, me against the world 
Mmm, y'all got me on my shit 
Thought niggaz would appreciate what I did to this game 
Bein that, I'm flesh of your flesh, blood of your blood 
Come from the same hood you come from 
We share basically the same stories 
Thought niggaz would appreciate what I came and did 
since ninety-six, every year 
Somethin must be seriously wrong with the world 
I know y'all ain't hatin 
 
(Some people hate!) Don't tell me niggaz is hatin 
(Some people hate!) Nah.. you know what I think? 
(Some people hate!) I think.. 
(I think they've lost their minds) Think y'all lost your mind 
Y'all got me on my shit 
 
Raw rough and rugged, when addressin the mass public 
My attitude is fuck it cause motherfuckers love it 
Got a, chip on my shoulder the size of the Golden Nugget in Vegas 
And fuck bein famous, I came to get the butters 
I came from the gutter, my success in this game 
is sort of like "Pro-jectic Justice," a payment for brushes 
with police officers, a peace offering 
From the Gods for the streets I was tossed in 
'Til I'm deceased in a coffin 
I'ma be a beast on these beats, releasin early and often 
Please, your disdain for the brothers ain't gon' change the numbers 
It's the strengthenin of chain among us 
Please, we ain't afraid of none of yas, who want it with us? 
Ain't nuttin changed since the ninety-six summers, c'mon 
 
(Some people hate!) Jeah, uh, yeah 
(Some people hate!) Uh, uhh, uhh 
(Some people hate!) Yeah.. you know what I think? 
(I think they've lost their minds) They say success breeds envy 
 
I guess it's just the penalty of leadership 
I guess I'm what niggaz wanna be and shit 
Or niggaz just bored, wanna be in shit 
'Fore they get to rappin, start believin it 
Think they Ali and shit 
I roll with the punches so I survive 
I bob and weave, move my feet from side to side 
I'm back, stronger than ever, surprise surprise 
They try to take me out the game, but I's alive 
It's like a old negro spiritual, but I mastered Tobey 
With a splash of Monster Kody, shoot faster than Kobe, nigga 
You bastards know me, the one and only 
Big homey from the Roc, I think you pastors lonely 
You need Jesus in your life.. it's either that 
or y'all gon' make me put the double Desert Eagles in your life, nigga! 
 
(Some people hate!) I know niggaz are hatin man, let me find out 
(Some people hate!) 
Jealousy's a weak emotion, y'all gotta overcome that man 
(Some people kill their brothers) 
C'mon man be stronger than that.. you know what I think? 
(I think they've lost their minds) You'll be aight though 
 
Au contraire nigga, I am here cause I earned the shit 
By ridin out, when niggaz had learner's permit 
We bring the knives out, or we let them burners spit 
I bring them pies out if niggaz wanna burn the strip 
Bring your rides out, bring your buggy eyes out, turn your 6 
I laid back in the Maybach 
Nigga this the payback, I know you bitch niggaz from way back 
Niggaz wanna clown but the pound it don't play dat 
Get yourself found, drowned, where the lake at 
Run up on 'em +Notoriously+, "Take that!" (take that) 
And then we comin where your wake at 
Eight maniac cats strapped with gats, you can hate that 
Face facts, fake rap cats 
can't take back what I took back to the Brook', look 
 
(Some people hate!) 
(Some people hate!) 
(Some people kill their brothers) 
(I think they've lost their minds) 
(And I'm hung up.. ohh..)Uhh, just point out the bounce 
Uh-huh, show me the bounce, yeah 
Just point out the bounce, yeah 
Timbo the king, yeah 
Young Hov' the king, yeah 
Just point out the bounce.. 
Yes, just point out the bounce nigga 
Yo, listen 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Rumor has it "The Blueprint" classic 
Couldn't even be stopped by Bin Laden 
So September 11th marks the era forever 
of a revolutionary Che Gueverra 
Now it's a whole museum of, Hov' MCers 
Everybody dupin the flow, you see 'em 
Everybody loopin up soul 
It's like you tryin to make "The Blueprint 2" before Hov' 
Shout out to Just Bleezy and, Kan-yeezy 
See how we adjusted the game so easy 
Chicks barely dancin, glancin every chance they get 
Like - oh shit, he's so handsome 
Still in demand in the longest run standin 
Kidnap rap seven years, no ransom 
Can't one nigga get it back no rap 
Young Hov's goin to Canton, I'm now eligible 
 
 [Chorus] 
Point out the bounce - and show you how to get this dough in 
large amounts 'til it's hard to count 
Point out the bounce - I turn a 8 to an ounce 
to a whole ki to the R.O.C. 
Point out the bounce - Timbo the king nigga 
Uhh, yeah, uhh 
Point out the bounce - jeah, Young Hov' the king nigga 
 
Uhh, I got y'all.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
For those that think Hov' fingers bling bling'n 
Either haven't heard the album or they don't know english 
They only know what the single is, and singled that out 
to be the meaning of what he is about 
And bein I'm about my business, not minglin much 
runnin my mouth, that shit kept lingerin 
But no dummy, that's the shit I'm sprinklin 
The album width to keep the registers ringin 
In real life, I'm much more distinguished 
I'm like a bloke from London, England 
Jeah, you jinglin baby 
See I go right back and I bring 'em in baby 
Business mind of a Ross Perot, but never lost my soul 
Crossed the line, I bought pop across the row 
Then I walk through the hood, where they up to no good 
Slangin them O's like a real O.G. should 
Oh, he's good, no he would never sell out he's so young 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Kanye West] 
Magazines call me a rock star, girls call me cock star 
Billboard, pop star, neighborhood block star 
Chi-Town go-gettin pimps, we mobsters 
Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!" 
Yeah, that's how I feel 
To be down, you must appeal 
To the crew, we're rated R 
O.C., O.G., Bobby Johnson son 
Ask me, "Rey-Rey, is that yo' car?" 
I seen MTV, I know who you are 
You did "Takeover," do you got beef with Nas? 
I did take over the game, brought back the soul 
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's gold 
Platinum to go, yeah that's the flow 
All I, know, I gots the flow 
And I don't play cause I'm from Chicago 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Point out the bounce [repeat 5X][Jay-Z] 
Jeah.. uhh.. it's what I do for a livin nigga 
Eat for a livin nigga (watcher) 
That's how I live for a livin nigga.. (watcher) 
Okay, let's do this (the watcher) 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
Things just ain't the same for gangsters 
But I'm a little too famous to shoot these pranksters 
All of these rap singers claimin they bangers 
Doin all sorts of twisted shit with they fingers 
Disrespectin the game, no home trainin or manners 
I was doin this shit when you was shittin Pampers 
I was movin them grams 'fore you, knew what a hand that hand was 
Duckin the vans, radars, the scanners 
'Fore you knew what hard white to tame was 
I was hittin the turnpike, aight with the bammers 
I was nice with my hands, cuss aight with them hammers 
I was prickin my finger 'fore you knew what a Fam was 
I had it laid out 'fore you knew what a plan was 
Three hundred mill' later, now you understand us 
Y'all ain't see us comin through Vegas 
You ever seen so much cham' bust in one night 
Grand fucked up one fight 
I was on the Peter Pan bus 
You was Peter Pan up in your room, y'all fuckin with whom? 
Allowed me to be taught 
You cowards is just now learnin the shit that we talk 
You niggaz ain't know about a Robb Report 
Bout a high speed Porsche, i.e. 
You niggaz ain't know how to floss 'til I came through the door 
like "Eric B. for Pres," respect me in this BITCH! 
You can't disrespect us cause you got a little check cut 
You was suckin for so long, fuckin your little neck up 
Now you too big for your britches, you got a few little bitches 
You think you Hugh Hefner, you just ridiculous 
I blew breath for you midgets, I gave life to the game 
It's only right I got the right to be king 
Niggaz that got life really like what I sing 
Cause they know is he really like, niggaz feel my pain 
Know the shit I DON'T write be the illest shit that's ever been recited 
in the game word to the hyphen in my NAME! 
J, A, Y, DASH, Hoffa 
The past present nigga the future, proper 
The holy trinity of hip-hop is us 
We give, Dre his props BUT that's where it stops 
It's the Roc 
 
 [Chorus: Truth Hurts] 
I know, you got your eyes on me 
I feel you watchin me 
But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me 
You try, but what you think you saw 
Ain't what you thought you saw 
You bed-da off not lookin at all 
(Everywhere that I go, ain't the same as befo') 
(People I used to know, just don't know me no mo') 
(But everywhere that I go, I got people I know) 
(Who got people they know, so I suggest you lay low) 
 
 [Verse Two: Dr. Dre] 
I'm still on top of the game 
Still droppin flames, still cock and aim 
Still at the top had the Roc for the fame 
over setbacks, there's been a lot since I came 
You seen it all, how I got, how I gained 
The momentum when it dropped, how I got through the pain 
When I roll and shock, they watched me reclaim 
the streets, they made a special spot for my name 
Dre, haters wanna stop to my reign 
But the music lives in me, every drop in my veins 
The pride and the pain 
All the way back from the rise of my name 
See the world clear through the eyes of the mane 
See the world chear for the rhymes that I gave 
When the beat bangs it'll drive them insane 
The eyes that I played 
The best to emerge in the game is The Watcher 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three: Rakim] 
I'm "Rated R," my brain contains graphics thangs 
It turn traumatic teens into addicts, and fiends 
It's like, watchin a movie through a panoramic screen 
Which means, I can see the whole planet in the scene 
Cash is the topic, the object, a fatter pocket 
Some take the crack and chop it, but those that haven't got it 
take away the added profit, it's catastrophic 
I take the gat and cock it, and I'll sit back and watch it 
These New York streets is ugly, I keep it gully 
The world is mine and can't nobody keep it from me 
Yo, my neighborhood is never sunny 
In the place where the number one cause of death is money 
You can try copin 
I've seen enough shit to leave your frame of mind broken 
I'm still alive and scopin 
Be another hundred years 'til my skies close in 
And I'ma die with my eyes open, the watcher [echoes] 
 
 [Chorus]Oh yeah, uh oh 
Y'all know who it is (he's back) 
 
If you with me, throw the diamond up one time 
Ladies, if you with me, just grind to the bass line 
Niggas, don't be scared to grab her from behind 
And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backside 
 
Now what the fuck they gon' do with me 
Got money, got broads, got a crew with me 
Real as banana clips, I got a Sue with me 
Get down or lay down nigga to shoot with me 
Now how the fuck they gon' deal with me 
I ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me 
Got the whole BK ready to kill with me 
You scared motherfucker, keep it real with me, keep it real with me 
Now what the fuck they gon say to me 
Got to clap, yi mean all day with me, CLAP, yi mean 
Don't play with me, CLAP, yi mean 
Stay with me, don't lose me y'all 
And please don't confuse me with dog, I'm different 
I bought it back for a living 
33 O's on a bitch back like Pippen 
3 She can keep for herself and distribute 
36 O's and a ki, you do the addition 
Before Mitchell and Ness did it 
I was moving birds like a Oriole fitted 
I'm Cal Ripken Jr. let's get it 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Hon' what they gon' say to you 
Got your hair did and your favorite shoes 
Tell'em don't play with you, get'em away from you 
You need a baller like I, call'em like I 
See'em like naaaa 
Move over y'all amateurs 
No, you not balling that's Pro-Am shit 
Oh, stop calling that's hoe-man shit 
Stop falling asleep that's old man shit 
I stands up in it like a champ up in it 
Be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it 
No more minute man in it 
Get my Soundscan, BDS, and Market and Glance in it 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
What they gon do' 
You got starch in your flow 
I flow too many ways, got a arch in my flow 
All sorts of flow, Rembrandt, Rilkey 
I am art with the flow 
Even if I'm filthy, you gotta pardon the flow 
Niggas taking it lightly, had to darken the flow 
Way I put it together, tear'em apart with the flow 
I'm too smart with the flow, you just started the flow 
Stop it youngin, you 106th & Park with the flow 
I am pro, as you see I'm off the charts with the flow 
Actually I'm number one on the charts with the flow 
In some places they say this, I am God with the flow 
Like my office, but they're biased, too involved with the flow 
(Oh no) I am the youth spirit, I am y'all with the flow 
Troubled man, dare I say, I am Mar with the flow 
I come up hard but I evolve with the flow 
Crossover, slam dunk, Rucker Park with the flow 
 
 [Chorus][Sean Paul] 
Yo Yo Yo, Yo Yo Yo 
Show out her wild side, stick out her backside 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
If you with me, throw the diamond up one time 
Ladies, if you with me, just grind to the bass line 
Homey, don't be scared to grab her from behind 
And make her show out her wild side 
(Sean Paul) Stick out her backside 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Now what the fuck they gon' do with me 
Got money, got broads, got a crew with me 
Real as banana clips, I got a Sue with me 
Get down or lay down nigga to shoot with me 
Now how the fuck they gon' deal with me 
I ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me 
Got the whole BK ready to kill with me 
You scared motherfucker, keep it real with me, keep it real with me 
Now what the fuck they gon say to me 
Got to clap, yi mean all day with me, CLAP, yi mean 
Don't play with me, CLAP, yi mean 
Stay with me, don't lose me y'all 
And please don't confuse me with dog, I'm different 
I bought it back for a living 
33 O's on a bitch back like Pippen 
3 She can keep for herself and distribute 
36 O's and a ki, you do the addition 
Before Mitchell and Ness did it 
I was moving birds like a Oriole fitted 
I'm Cal Ripken Jr. let's get it 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
Hon' what they gon' say to you 
Got your hair did and your favorite shoes 
Tell'em don't play with you, get'em away from you 
You need a baller like I, call'em like I 
See'em like naaaa 
Move over y'all amateurs 
No, you not balling that's Pro-Am shit 
Oh, stop calling that's hoe-man shit 
Stop falling asleep that's old man shit 
I stands up in it like a champ up in it 
Be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it 
No more minute man in it 
Get my Soundscan, BDS, and Market and Glance in it 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
What they gon do' 
You got starch in your flow 
I flow too many ways, got a arch in my flow 
All sorts of flow, Rembrandt, Rilkey 
I am art with the flow 
Even if I'm filthy, you gotta pardon the flow 
Niggas taking it lightly, had to darken the flow 
Way I put it together, tear'em apart with the flow 
I'm too smart with the flow, you just started the flow 
Stop it youngin, you 106th & Park with the flow 
I am pro, as you see I'm off the charts with the flow 
Actually I'm number one on the charts with the flow 
In some places they say this, I am God with the flow 
Like my office, but they're biased, too involved with the flow 
(Oh no) I am the youth spirit, I am y'all with the flow 
Troubled man, dare I say, I am Mar with the flow 
I come up hard but I evolve with the flow 
Crossover, slam dunk, Rucker Park with the flow 
 
 [Chorus][Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
I seen Mase do it, I seen 'Ye do it 
X came through, caught lighter fluid 
Still I came through it, clap for 'em 
But I'm the blueprint, I'm like the map for 'em 
I dropped another classic, made Puff pass it, 
Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it 
Wayne scorchin, I'll applaud him 
If he keep goin, pass the torch to him 
50 came through, like hurricanes do 
I thought I finished his ass at Summerjam Two 
I had the Illmatic, on bootleg 
The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead 
Wayne did a milli, 50 did a milli 
'Ye too but what Em did was silly 
The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him 
His flow on "Renegade," fuckin awesome, applaud him 
 
 [Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse Two: Jay-Z] 
Hey, Snoop Dogg did, Nelly came down 
Facemob kept the ghetto for the H-Town 
Luda moved digits after he moved bitches 
Drake's up next, see what he do wit it 
Rule had a run, couple movie parts 
T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts 
Waddup Jeezy? What it do 
Ya remind me of us in early '92 
OutKast landed, 3 Thou' was ill 
Like a male version, of Lauryn Hill 
Mobb Deep (Shook) it, but Prodigy took it 
a lil' too far, can't fuck wit Brooklyn 
Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate 
Rae took on the date with the Purp' Tape 
Passed on to Ason and then Ghostface 
They had a hell of a run, standing ova- aaaaaaaay! 
 
 [Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse Three: Jay-Z] 
And I am one, of one 
Can't you see just how long my run? 
My rain knew {?} sun-shine 
Been a star since I was back in one, time 
One time give it up for him 
December 4th, a star was born 
Clap for him, he went from movin that corner 
to, this corner office, so enormous 
Heeeeeeeey! Pres Carter 
Watchin her get her Monica on all day 
Heeeeeeeey! 
...Got so many different Monicas, but only one Jay 
They come, they go 
Some real, some faux 
Some friends, some hoes 
But no I, goes nowhere, it's Hov 
 
 [Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse Four: J. Cole] 
And could I be a star? 
Does fame in this game have to change who you are? 
Or could I be the same one who came from a far away life 
Just to make it in this broadway lights 
Now I'm shinin in the broad, day-light - go figure 
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville 
Got a deal, a real life saver 
Dreams of being behind the wheel like, Jada 
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later 
Cole, you got a glow like a lil' Lightsaber 
So, clap for him, then applaud Hov 
He gave 'em a platform 
Flow so sick thought he wrote the rap for him - no sir 
The flow cold as a shoulder of a gold diggin hoes 
When a broke nigga 'proaches 
Told ya I'm focused man, I'll let you muh'fuckers soak it in 
Clap for him[Jay-Z] 
Jay-Z, Hova, 
Either love me or leave me alone [x3] 
 
 [Kid Cudi - Chorus] 
Oh they want me to fall (fall), 
Fall from the top (top), 
They want me to drop (drop) 
They want me to stop (stop) 
They want me to go (go), 
I'm already gone (already) 
The shit that I'm on 
I'm already home 
(Hey, I'm already home yeah) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
These nigga's want me to go, don't they know that I'm gone 
They know I'm space shuttle level they need oxygen 
Don't they know that they boring? 
Don't they know that I yawn, 
Only time they excited is when they mentioning Shawn 
You see single white female but she dyed her hair blonde 
Sometimes I look at these rappers, the movie remind me of them 
Somebody turn these boys off 
don't they know that I'm on 
Can't they see that it's foolish to try and kill me with songs 
What the fuck are they Laurynnn, you Killing me softly 
You talk me to death, only thing you can do to him 
I open the door for them, what else can I do? 
These nigga's want me to walk for them, somebody talk to them 
Before I go off on them 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I taught 'em about fish scale they want me to fish for them 
They want me to catch clean, then cook up a dish for them 
All of this just for them, or they got a diss for him 
They want me to disappear, like it's gonna SHIFT for them 
They say that I'm in the way, they want me to sit with them 
But what they admitting is, they ain't got shit for him 
But really the fact is, we not in the same bracket 
Not in the same league, don't shoot at the same baskets 
Don't pay the same taxes, hang with the same bitches 
So how am I in the way, what is it I'm missing? 
Nigga I been missing, nigga I been gone 
The shit that you just witnessed is the shit that I been on 
And as for the critics, tell me I don't get it 
Everybody can tell you how to do it, they never did it 
Now these nigga's is mad, oh they call me a Camel 
But I mastered the drought, what the fuck I'm an animal 
Half-man half-mammal 
My sign is a Sag, this is just what I plan to do 
Oh don't be mad 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I'm in the hall already, on the wall already 
I'm a work of art, I'm a Warhol already 
On another level, on another plane already 
H-O-V I got my own lane already (already) 
I done cooked up the rock already 
So why the fuck can't you all get hot already (already) 
Put your name in the pot already, niggas compare me to Biggie and Pac already 
Like I'm gone already and I am nigga I'm already home already 
If you all can't already see I ain't worried about you all cos I'm already me 
Do you already, enough of the complaining boohoos already 
Eat food already, ain't nothing given you gotta claim your shoes already, 
 
Yeah, so in summation I don't know who you racing I'm already at the finish line with the flag waving - c'mon!Yeah 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Yea I'm out that Brooklyn, now I'm down in TriBeCa 
right next to Deniro, but I'll be hood forever 
I'm the new Sinatra, and... since I made it here 
I can make it anywhere, yea, they love me everywhere 
I used to cop in Harlem, all of my Dominicano's 
right there up on Broadway, pull me back to that McDonald's 
Took it to my stashbox, 560 State St. 
catch me in the kitchen like a Simmons with them Pastry's 
Cruisin' down 8th St., off white Lexus 
drivin' so slow, but BK is from Texas 
Me, I'm out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie 
now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me 
Say what's up to Ty-Ty, still sippin' mai tai's 
sittin' courtside, Knicks & Nets give me high five 
Nigga I be Spike'd out, I could trip a referee 
Tell by my attitude that I'm most definitely from.... 
 
 [Chorus: Alicia Keys] 
New York, concrete jungle where dreams are made of 
There's nothin' you can't do 
Now you're in New York 
These streets will make you feel brand new 
Big lights will inspire you 
Let's hear it for New York, New York, 
New York 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game 
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous then a Yankee can 
You should know I bleed blue, but I ain't a Crip though 
but I got a gang of niggas walkin' with my clique though 
Welcome to the melting pot, corners where we sellin' rock 
Afrika Bambataa shit, home of the hip-hop 
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back 
for foreigners it ain't for, they act like they forgot how to act 
8 million stories, out there in it naked 
City, it's a pity, half of y'all won't make it 
Me, I got a plug, Special Ed "I Got It Made" 
If Jeezy's payin' LeBron, I'm payin' Dwyane Wade 
Three dice cee-lo, three Card Monty 
Labor Day Parade, rest in peace Bob Marley 
Statue of Liberty, long live the World Trade 
Long live the King yo, I'm from the Empire State that's 
 
 [Chorus:] 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
Lights is blinding, girls need blinders 
so they can step out of bounds quick, the sidelines is 
lined with casualties, who sip to life casually 
then gradually become worse, don't bite the apple eve 
Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in style 
Anna Wintour gets cold, in Vogue with your skin out 
City of sin, it's a pity on the wind 
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them 
Mami took a bus trip, now she got her bust out 
Everybody ride her, just like a bus route 
Hail Mary to the city, you're a virgin 
And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church end 
Came here for school, graduated to the high life 
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight 
MDMA got you feelin' like a champion 
The city never sleeps, better slip you an Ambien 
 
 [Chorus:] 
 
 [Bridge: Alicia Keys] 
One hand in the air for the big city 
Street lights, big dreams, all lookin' pretty 
No place in the world that could compare 
Put your lighters in the air 
Everybody say "yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah" 
 
 [Chorus:][Jay-Z] 
Haters, haters, snitch haters! 
And I made myself so easy to love 
 
 [Kanye West] 
Yeah, yeah 
How much they hate it, very 
Kiss girls like Katy Perry 
I am never sprung but I Springer, Jerry 
Don't try this at home, results may vary 
King like T.I. but in the Chi, Larry 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Hoova, HOVA, both are(a) 
American gangstas you choose who's, colder(a) 
Rappers get nasty in the booth, 
But I'm gross, I cant even stomach myself 
Ulcer(a), more realer cause I'm closer(a) 
Had girlies in girldles way more than they suppose to(a), 
Poser(a), No Sir(a),my hustle, so Russell, 
I stretch work, yoga 
You know I got it down dawg, 
Al Roker, I used to knock pounds off 
It ain't nothing for me to knock nouns off, 
But these MCs are(a) praying for my downfall, 
They just.. Haters 
I wave at you, I'm so player, 
I'll never be done I'm so rare 
 
 [Kanye West] 
We Killing the game it's not fair 
You mother fuckers stay right there 
'cause we too high up in the air 
We blasting off just like a laser 
Nigga pewoon, pewoon, pewoon, 
Get me back, give me room, room, room 
DB-9 like vroomm,vroomm, vroom 
Y'all ho what we doing, doing, doing 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We balling, bitches,eating y'all food leaving dishes 
Why these niggas always talking lead talk Ye? 
Why I never see them at the Clearport Ye? 
Why I always hear they at the airport 
Why I fly daily like I'm in the airforce 
Therefore, please stop talking my ears off 
Millionaire talk, you haters, 
You mad at me 'cause your paper, 
Need to get his mother fucking weight up 
Wait up 
I ain't done, name one thing that I ain't done 
It hurts when you say that I ain't won, 
you haters, How do I gain your favor, 
I need to know cause I care 
I need you to love me I swear, look here 
See Ye is, runnin' the Chi like Gale Sayers, 
I'm runnin' new york, I got the mayor on my pager 
You cant fade us, you hate us 
I need you, stay there 
I breath you, like air, 
Air 
Where are my haters, 
I love all my haters 
I love all my haters 
I love all my hatersWelcome to the Future, 
Blue Print 3 
Ay count me in 
Find me a nice soft place to land 
I'm so high 
Find me a place to land, 
Yeah right there, 
 
I'm so tomorrow, 
The Audemars are yesterday, 
Which means your on time delay, 
So even if I slow it doooown, 
My sound is fast forward, hold up 
I'm just a runway show 
But I wear this on my plane in my runway clothes, 
Cashmere sweats they come out next year 
But these my last year sweats, 
And my hoe so sick, your new chick cant f-ck with my old b-tch, 
And you know this sh-t, 
I'm professional, they know this is, 
I just may let you borrow this, 
This the blueprint n-gga follow this, 
This what what tomorrow is, 
Welcome to tomorrow btch, 
 
 [Drake - Chorus] 
Whatever you about to discover we off that 
You about to tell her you love her we off that, 
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that, 
But you cant bring the future back, 
Ya'll steady chasing the fame we off that, 
Oversized clothes and chains we off that, 
N-gga still making it rain and we off that, 
Cos you cant bring the future back, 
Tell n-ggas top get off me, 
Cris we off that, 
Timbs we off that, 
Rims we off that, 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah We off that is you still on that, 
If you still making money cos we still on that, 
 
This aint black versus white my n-gga we off that, 
Please tell Bill O Reilly to fall back, 
Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls, 
Its 2010 not 1864 , 
Ah yeh we come so far, 
So I drive around town hard top and its off 
Ah and my tribeca loft with my high brow art 
And my high yellow broad 
Ah and my dark skin sis and my best white mate 
Say whats up to to chris, 
Ah, hows that for a mix, 
Got a black president, 
Got green presidents, 
Blueprints in my white ipod, 
Black diamonds in my Jesus piece, My God, 
Ah we aint tripping off that, 
Its a benetton ad, n-gga been up off that 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I dont give a fidduuck, abiddout the widday, 
You used to move, what you used to do, 
And I dont give a fidduuck abiddout the b-tches 
That you used to screw 
What your future do, 
And we dont really care what you used to say, 
Unless that affects your future pay, 
Im on the practice field running two a day, 
So I dont drop the ball when its threw my way, 
So I dont a fidduck abiddout the sh-t that 
You probably did, 
Who you probably is, 
The only time I deal in past tense 
Is im past rims, 
And im past tints, 
If you driving it I drove it, 
You got it cos I sold it, 
You copped it and I bought it back, 
And we dont give a fidduck n-gga we off that. 
 
 [Chorus][Swizz Beats - Chorus] 
I got a million ways to get it 
Choose one (choose one) 
Hey, bring it back (bring it back) 
Now double your money and make a stack 
 
Im on to the next one 
On to the next one 
On to the next one 
On to the next one 
On to the next one 
On to the next one 
On to the next one 
 
Hold up, freeze 
 
Somebody bring me back some money please, 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Hov on that new shit n-ggas like how come 
N-ggas want my old sh-t, buy my old album 
N-ggas stuck on stupid, I gotta keep it moving 
N-ggas make the same sh-t, me I make the blueprint 
 
Came in Range, hopped out the Lexus 
every year since ive bin on that next sh-t 
traded in the gold for the platinum rolexs 
Now a n-gga wrist match the status of my records 
 
Used to rock a throwback, ballin on the corner 
Now I rock a teller suit looking like a owner 
No I'm not a Jonus brother Im a grown up 
No Im not a virgin I use my cahonas 
 
I move forward the only direction 
cant be scared to fail Search and perfection 
Gotta keep it fresh even when we sexing 
but dont be mad at him when hes on to the next one 
 
Freeze 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 2] 
F-ck a throwback jersey cos we on to the next one, 
and f-ck that autotune cos we oohhhhn, 
and n-ggas dont be mad cos its all about progression, 
loiterers should be arrested, I used to drink Kristal, 
muthaf-ckers racist, so I switched Gold Bottles on to that spade sh-t, 
you gon have another drink or you just gon babysit, 
on to the next one, somebody call da waitress, 
Baby im a boss, i dunno what they do, 
I dont get dropped, I dropped the label, 
World cant hold me, too much ambition, 
always knew itd be like this when I was in the kitchen, 
n-ggas in the same spots, me Im dodging rain drops, 
meaning im on vacay, chillin on a big yacht, 
yeah i go ton flip flops, white louie boat shoes, 
you should grow the f-ck up, 
come here let me coach you, 
Hold up, 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 3] 
Uh, Big pimpin in the house now, 
bought the land, tore the muthaf-cking house down, 
bought the car, tore the muthaf-cking roof off, 
ride clean, i dont ever take the shoes off, 
bought the jeep, tore the muthaf-cking doors off, 
foot out dat b-tch about to sh-t like a skateboard, 
navigation on tryin to find my next thrill, 
feelin myself i dont even need an x pill, 
cant chill but my neck will, 
haters really gon be mad off my next deal, 
uh, i dont know hwy they really worry bout my pockets, 
meanwhile i had Oprah chillin in the projects, 
had her out in Bed Stuy chillin on the steps, 
drinking quarter waters gotta be the best, 
MJ at summerjam, Obama on the text, 
yall should be afraid of what Im gonna do next. 
Hold up, 
 
 [Chorus][Intro - Young Jeezy] 
Yeah, see it's that 
It's that Blueprint 3 shit right here 
It's that TM 103 shit right here 
You ready? You ready Hov'? Let's go! (Hands up!) 
 
 [Verse 1 - Young Jeezy] 
Allow me to re-introduce myself 
At the same time re-introduce my wealth 
At the same time rejuvenate the game 
It's for my ol'dawg niggas that's used to 'caine 
 
Not what B-dawg said, I respect the game 
GD's, vice lords, crips the same 
And I know you're 'bout to say this off the chain 
Tell 'em fake trappin' ass niggas stay out my lane 
 
See I ain't dead or in jail, I can't complain 
And when these fake niggas gone, I shall remain 
And if you just tunin' in, let me explain 
You know I keep that 47 who ?? 
 
These niggas way too far, I played the game 
And if you listen hard enough I say some things 
And when that sack got low, I shave them things 
And put 'em right back together, I made them things 
 
 [Chorus - Young Jeezy] 
Put your sacks in the air if you represent your click 
Money in the air if you ever hear the lick, baby 
Put your hands in the air, if you know that you that bitch 
Say you looking for the real, hey well this is real as it gets 
 
Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! [x2] 
This is real as it gets 
 
Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! [x2] 
This is real as it gets 
 
 [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] 
Wassup, wassup [x3] 
I got it Jeezy 
 
Now where the south side at, wassup, wassup 
Where the west coast at, put your W's up 
Where my east coast niggas that hustle to live 
And all my niggas up north that's doin' it big 
 
Oh yeah I'm rare, I'm aware that I'm rare 
I rap and I'm real, I'm one of the few here 
These other boys lyin', I wonder if y'all care 
They stories out this world, I wonder if y'all hear 
 
But don't really matter as long as they stay clear 
Clear of the real shit we doin' over here 
When my nigga get home, I'm gonna send him a Lear 
For all the time he been down, get him right up in the air 
 
With a couple of broads get him right up in the air 
Mile high club get him right up in there 
Send my nigga some gear like he never missed a year 
By the time you hear this song, he'll be standing right here 
 
Real nigga shit there! 
 
 [Chorus - Young Jeezy] 
Put your sacks in the air if you represent your click 
Money in the air if you ever hear the lick, baby 
Put your hands in the air, if you know that you that bitch 
Say you looking for the real, hey well this is real as it gets 
 
Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! [x2] 
This is real as it gets 
 
Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! [x2] 
This is real as it gets 
 
 [Verse 3 - Jay-Z] 
A hundred million to the good and I'm still talkin' yayo 
At a snails pace I won this race that y'all trail 
Uh, uh, Blueprint's for sale 
Followin' my footprints you can't fail 
 
Set sail, I used to duck shots but now I eat quail 
I'll probably never see jail 
Each tale contains more of the truth 
Of the statue allows me to go into detail 
 
Uh, close your eyes you can smell 
Hov's the audio equivalent of braille 
That's why they feel me in the favelas in Brazil 
And water-house 'cause real recognize real 
 
Rrraaahhh! 
 
 [Young Jeezy] 
You know me, I don't need no introductions 
Call me make a lil' somethin' out of nothin' 
Anywhere you go, we're the topic of discussion 
Damn, that's gotta be disgustin' 
 
Err, shit make me wanna throw up 
It's big boy music, it should make me wanna grow up 
Flows like selvage, it just make me wanna pour up 
And is it just me or this makes you wanna roll up 
 
A big fat one, then unpack one 
Then unwrap one, peel back one 
They use to call me Jizzle when they stamp in the middle 
And you can tell the color when it's damp in the middle 
 
Wassup! 
 
 [Chorus - Young Jeezy] 
Put your sacks in the air if you represent your click 
Money in the air if you ever hear the lick, baby 
Put your hands in the air, if you know that you that bitch 
Say you looking for the real, hey well this is real as it gets 
 
Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! [x2] 
This is real as it gets 
 
Hey! Hey! Ohh! Ohh! [x2] 
This is real as it getsAll rhymers with Alzheimers line up please, 
All mommies with mind freeze please line up please, 
All bloggers with comments, 
Please I come in peace, 
See if we can kill your amnesia by the time I leave, 
All mommies I harbour for vouch for me, 
Tell em bout the time all your mommas couch mommy 
All hustlas who ever bought an eighth from me, 
Take the time out to set the record straight for me, 
Remember me, silver bullet hard top mentally 
They think think I'm outta shape so I have to jog there memory, 
Think with indelible ink, I let the pen go, 
Verses permanently tattooed serve as mementos, 
Ah, im so mental, my track record speaks for itself, 
Im so instrumental, 
Allow me to rekindle lets all reminisce like Mary did, 
Think I have to send you a reminder, 
Here it is, 
 
 [Chorus] 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
I got it if you need it, 
A reminder 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
Think I better give you a reminder, 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
I got it if you need it, 
A reminder 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
Cos I can give you a friendly reminder, 
 
Ah, 
What the hell have you done, 
To even have an opinion on what I been doing, 
What the hell have y'all won, 
Only thing you can identify with is losing, 
10 number 1 albums in a row, 
Who better than me? 
Only the Beatles nobody ahead of me, 
I crush Elvis in his blue suede shoes, 
Made the rolling stones seem sweet as coolaid 2, 
96, 97, 98, 99, 2000, 2001 and beyond, 
02, 03, 04, 05, 06 and 7, 08, 09 
Back to back double plat, I did what you want, 
Men lie women lie, numbers don't, 
Ain't nothing changed for me except the year it is, 
I think have to send you a reminder, here it is 
 
 [Chorus] 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
I got it if you need it, 
A reminder 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
Think I better give you a reminder, 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
I got it if you need it, 
A reminder 
Reminder 
Reminder, 
Cos I can give you a friendly reminder, 
 
Do what I done without crying in the environment and what ya'll did it in without dying my n-gga, 
Rap like I rap without lying and then tying both together like iron my n-gga, 
Write 16's in between running 16 businesses, 
All the while showing these young punks what the business is, 
As if I'm gonna let you n-ggas style on me, 
As if, 
Now everybody senile on me, 
Go back to boonback, 
Remember those button ups, 
Young Hov, 
Tell them ordinary Joes button up, 
I destroy your 4 points O's 
And Benz 500 and all points to Ohhhh, 
Now you n-ggas 'memba me, 
How you forget, back to johnnys album cover, 
Red and blue Gucci sh-t, 
Ain't nothing changed but the year it is, 
I think I have to send you a reminder here it is, 
 
 [Chorus][Intro - Rihanna] 
Feel it comin' in the air 
Hear the screams from everywhere 
I'm addicted to the thrill 
It's a dangerous love affair 
Can't be scared when it goes down 
Got a problem, tell me now 
Only thing that's on my mind 
Is who's gonna run this town tonight... 
Is who's gonna run this town tonight... 
We gonna run this town 
 
 [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] 
We are 
Yeah I said it 
We are 
This is Roc Nation 
Pledge your allegiance 
Get y'all black tees on 
All black everything 
Black cards, black cars 
All black everything 
And our girls are blackbirds 
Ridin' with they dillingers 
I'd get more in depth 
If you boys really real enough 
This is la familia 
I'll explain later 
But for now let me get back to this paper 
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back 
I gave Doug a grip, I lost a flip for five stacks 
Yeah I'm talkin' five comma 
six zeros 
dot zero 
Here it go... 
Back to runnin' circles 'round niggas 
Now we squared up 
Hold up 
 
 [Chorus - Rihanna] 
Life's a game but it's not fair 
I break the rules so I don't care 
So I keep doin' my own thing 
Walkin' tall against the rain 
Victory's within the mile 
Almost there, don't give up now 
Only thing that's on my mind 
Is who's gonna run this town tonight 
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey-hey 
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey 
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey-hey 
(Is who's gonna run this town tonight) 
Hey-hey-hey-hey 
 
 [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] 
We are 
Yeah I said it 
We are 
You can call me Cesar 
In a dark Czar 
Please follow the leader 
So Eric B. we are 
Microphone fiend 
It's the return of the god 
Peace god... 
(Auh! Auh!) 
And ain't nobody fresher 
I'm in Mason 
(Ah!) 
Martin Margiela 
On the tape we're screamin' 
Fuck the other side, they jealous 
We got a banquette full the broads 
They got a table full of fellas... (?) 
And they ain't spending no cake 
They should throw they hand in 
'Cause they ain't got no spades... 
My whole team got dough 
So my banquette is lookin' like Millionaire's Row 
 
 [Chorus - Rihanna] 
Life's a game but it's not fair 
I break the rules so I don't care 
So I keep doin' my own thing 
Walkin' tall against the rain 
Victory's within the mile 
Almost there, don't give up now 
Only thing that's on my mind 
Is who's gonna run this town tonight 
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey-hey 
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey 
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey-hey 
(Is who's gonna run this town tonight) 
Hey-hey-hey-hey 
 
 [Verse 3 - Kanye West] 
It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow 
To everybody on your dick, no homo 
I bought my whole family whips, no Volvos 
Next time I'm in church, please no photos 
Police escorts 
Everybody passports 
This the life that everybody ask for 
This a fast life 
We are on a crash course 
What you think I rap for 
To push a fucking Rav 4? 
But I know that if I stay stun-ting 
All these girls only gonna want one thing 
I could spend my whole life good will hunting 
Only good gon' come is as good when I'm cumming 
She got a ass that'll swallow up a g-string 
And up top, unh... 
Two bee stings 
And I'm beasting 
Off the riesling 
And my nigga just made it out the precinct 
We give a damn about the drama that you do bring 
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring 
Reebok 
Baby 
You need to drop some new things 
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings? 
What's that 'Ye? 
Baby, these heels 
Is that a may? 
What?! 
Baby, these wheels 
You trippin' when you ain't sippin' 
Have a refill 
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? 
Now you know how we feel 
 
 [Outro - Rihanna] 
We gonna run this town tonight! 
 
 [Outro - Jay-Z] 
Wassup![Pharrell] 
Yeah 3 in the morning on the Westside highway, top down baby, 
F-ck yall 
The motivation for me was them telling me what I couldnt be, 
Oh well, 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
This a special dedication, 
I wanna thank you for the fuel, 
No really thank you, 
 
I felt so inspired by what my teacher said, 
Said I'd either be dead or be a reefer head, 
Now sure if thats how adults should speak ta kids, 
Especially when the only thing I did was speak in class, 
I teach his ass, 
Even betters what my uncle did, 
I pop my demo tape in start to beat my head, 
Peaked out my eye, see if he was beating his, 
He might as well say beat it kid, hes on the list, 
Its like Im searching for kicks like a sneaker head, 
He gon keep pushing me until I reach the ledge, 
And when I reach the ledge I'll tell em all to eat a d-ck, 
Take a leap of faith and let my eagle wings spread, 
Spread spread. 
 
 [Pharrell - Chorus] 
Motivation for me was them telling me what I could not be, 
Oh well, 
Im so ambitious, 
I might hit two sisters, 
Hey im on a mission 
No matter what the conditions, 
Forget the personal issues 
When you been what I been through, 
Hey if you believe it, 
Then you could conceive it. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I had to lace up my boots even harder, 
Father is too far away to father, 
Further-more of the kids either smoke reefer, 
Or either move white, theres few writers in my cipher, 
So they made lighter, my type a dreams seem dumb 
They said wise up, how many guys a you see making it from here, 
The world dont like us, is that not clear, alright, 
But I'm different, I cant base what I'm gonna be off a what everybody isnt, 
They dont listen, just whispering behind my back, 
No vision, lack of ambition, 
So wack! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Had a couple of meetings no offers yet, 
Maybe I aint good enough for these offices, 
Back to the drawing board ducking officers, 
Its all good cos the streets is A&Ring this, 
So with or without any of your involvement, 
Coming for all of this, respect my conglomerate, 
I went from pauper to the President, 
Every deal I ever made set precedent, 
N-ggas thought I'd fall without old buddy, 
Oh buddy, what I do is make more money, 
Dear Teacher, your probably somewhere near a speaker, 
Im balling outta control, can you hear my sneakers, 
F-ck yall, 
 
 [Chorus][Jay-Z Talking] 
Thank you, thank you very much 
For comin' out this evening 
 
 [Verse 1] 
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you 
You're far too kind 
Hold you're applause 
This is your song not mines 
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
Please hold your applause 
For I just applied logic Keys keys open doors 
Now I'm balcony, Opera, Black Tux, Binocula 
Black luxe, Stop it I shouldn't be so popular 
Name keep poppin' up Face keep poppin' up 
On the tube I'm just watchin' Pacquaio box 'em up 
How would I know HBO would get a shot of us 
Sitting so close that we almost got snot on us 
Please don't bow in my presence How am I a Legend? 
I just got 10 #1 albums Maybe now 11 
More hits than a Now! 11 
That is no reason to treat me like I'm somehow from outta heaven 
Heaven knows that I've made my mistakes 
Thank God, what a guy as I say my grace 
Who woulda thought by making birds migrate 
For the winter I be fly all summer Might I say 
 
 [Hook] 
Thank you, Thank you, thank you You're far too kind 
Hold your applause This is your song not mines 
Thank you, Thank you, thank you You're far too kind 
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors I'll handle mines 
 
 [Verse 2] 
Hovi Baby 
We are really high, really high tonight 
We tip the waiter a hundred dollars 
To keep the ice cold, alright? 
We the last guys to keep the Wise guys code alive 
If I can't live by my word Then I'd much rather die 
No no don't thank me, This is just how my suit is stitched 
I'm cut from a different cloth, I'm just who the shoe fits 
For the Color Of Money like a Tom Cruise flick 
'Cept I put 8-balls in corners without using pool sticks 
Beautiful music when champagne flutes click 
Beautiful women sippin' throught rouge lips 
Dangers approaches We're like wait who's this? 
Let us save you some trouble son 
What size suit you is? 
This way after the Ruger shoots through a few clips 
You can lay in your casket just as you is 
We appreciate the target practices 
We'll be sure to send flower baskets kid 
 
 [Repeat Hook] 
 
 [Verse 3] 
I was gonna kill a couple rappers 
But they did it to themselves 
I was gon' do it with the flow 
But they did it with their sales 
I was gon' 9/11 'em, but they didn't need the help 
And they did a good job them boys is talented as hell 
Cuz not only did they brick they put a building up as well 
They ran a plane into that building and when that building fell 
Ran to the crash site with no masks and inhaled 
Toxins deep inside their lungs until both of them was filled 
Blew a cloud out like a L into a jar then took a smell 
Cuz they heard that second hand smoke kills 
Niggas thought they was ill found out they was...ILL 
And it's like you knew exactly how I wanted you to feel 
 
 [Hook] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We are really high, really high tonight 
Lucky Lefty, kiss the wife tonight for meHovs a Blackberry Bold, 
Shawty is a Sidekick, 
She used to have a man, 
I used to have a side chick, 
Shawty got wind I had to blow the chick off, 
got rid of him they both took the sh-t hard, 
shawty play the piano me I play the white keys, 
shawty from the south, oh, i think she like me, 
Shawty like Pac, me Big Poppa, 
screaming hit em up, Im screaming who shot ya, 
Im on that red wine, shawty like white, 
same sh-t different toilet, 
we both getting nice, 
me Im from the apple which means Im the Mac, 
Shes a PC, she lives in my lap. 
 
 [Chorus] 
Shawty get it in, 
Daddy go hard 
Shawty get it in, 
Daddy go hard 
Shawty get it in, 
Daddy go hard 
Shawty get it in, 
Daddy go hard 
Shawty get it in, 
Daddy go hard 
Shawty get it in, 
Venus Versus Mars, 
 
Whether Black or white we both like Mike, 
We both like Jordans, We both Phils Knights, 
When I finish breakfast, shawtys out for lunch, 
yeah we both eating its better than brunch, 
shawty like Pepsi, me Im da Coke Man, 
Body like a coke bottle, I crush it like a Coke can, 
Started at the window, then the bedroom wall, 
the Ying to my Yang, I skeet skeet off, 
I hits it from the back, Shawty like the front, 
the Bonnie to my Clyde, 
both riding shotgun, 
both covered in gold like C3PO, 
James and Florida Evans let the good times roll, 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Thought Shawty was the truth, found out she was a cheater, 
we were supposed to takeover, I caught her bumping Ether! 
I thought shawty like Mike, found out she like Prince, 
thought she was Adrian, its been Rocky ever since, 
My dollars was down, she left me for some Euros, 
Took my whole flavour, I call her coke zero, 
Co-MVP like Kobe and Shaq, 
left me for the Heat, 
we were winning back to back, 
said I partied too much, shawty got fed up, 
shawty got Britney shaved her whole head up, 
we used to make out, kissing each others face off, 
Fell for the ponzi scheme, damn shawty just Made-off.[Jay-Z Talking] 
Blueprint trios 
 
 [Verse 1] 
Yeah Yeah What we talkin' bout real shit? 
Or we talkin' bout ryhmes 
You talkin' bout millions Or you talking' bout mine 
What we talkin' bout Cuz I ain't got time 
For what people be talkin' bout all the time 
What we talkin' bout fiction Or we talkin bout fact 
You talkin' bout fiction? Hold up pardon my back 
I'm talkin' bout life And all I hear is 
Oh yeah he keeps talkin' bout crack 
I ain't talkin' bout profit I'm talkin' bout pain 
I'm talkin' bout despair I'm talkin' bout shame 
I ain't talkin' bout gossip I ain't talkin' bout Game 
I ain't talkin bout Jimmy I ain't talkin' bout Dame 
I'm talkin' bout real shit Dem people playin' 
What is you talkin' bout I don't know what y'all sayin' 
People keep talkin' bout Hov take it back 
I'm doin' better than before Why would I do that? 
Ain't nothing cool bout carryin' a strap 
Bout worryin' your moms And buryin' your best cat 
Talkin' bout revenge While carryin' his casket 
All teary-eyed Bout to take it to a matress 
I'm talkin' bout music I ain't talkin' bout rap 
You talkin' bout who's hot I ain't talkin' bout that 
The conversation is changed Lets yap about that 
I don't run rap no more I run the map 
 
 [Hook] 
They Talk, We Live, We see what They say, They say, They say 
They Talk, We Did, Who cares what They say, They say, They say 
 
 [Verse 2] 
Still they can't' focus on them They be talkin' bout me 
Talkin' bout what I wear Talkin' bout where I be 
Check out my hair These ain't curls these is peas 
Peasey head still get paid I'm combin' through G's 
Please, We ain't focused on naps 
Cuz I don't run rap no more I run the map 
A small part of the reason the President is black 
I told him I got him when he hit me on the jack 
Talkin' bout progress I ain't lookin back 
You know I run track Try not to get lapped 
People keep talkin' bout Hov left em flat 
Try to re-write history Lets talk about facts 
Dame made millions Even Jaz made some scraps 
He could've made more But he didn't sign his contract 
As far as street guys We was dealin' crack 
That's just how the game goes I don't owe nobody jack 
Grown men want me to sit em on my lap 
But I don't have a beard and Santa Claus ain't black 
I repeat, You can't sit on my lap 
I don't have a beard Now get off my sack 
Scream at me 
 
 [Repeat Hook] 
 
 [Verse 3] 
Blueprint 3 
And now that that's that Lets talk about the future 
We have just seen the dream as predicted by Martin Luther 
Now you could choose ta Sit in front of your computa 
Posin' with guns Shootin YouTube up 
Or you could come with me to the White House get your suit up 
You stuck on being hardcore I chuck the duece up 
Peace out Medusa 
Welcome to the Blue-ah-Print-ah Tre piece Jay-Z your tutor 
Toota of my own horn Beep beep move-ya 
Ras clot when rude boy come through with the roof up 
So I could see the sky 
Cause everybody talkin' Hov I think we know why 
 
 [Repeat Hook][Mr. Hudson] 
Lets dance in style, 
Lets dance for a while, 
Heaven can wait were only watching the skies 
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst, 
Are you gonna drop the bomb or not? 
Let us die young or let us live forever, 
We dont have the power but we never say never, 
Sitting in a sandpit, 
Life is a short trip, 
The musics for the sad man, 
 
 [Chorus] 
Forever young, 
I wanna be forever young 
Do you really want to live forever? 
Forever and ever 
Forever young I wanna be 
Forever young 
Do you really want to live forever? 
Forever, forever 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
So we live a life like a video 
When the sun is always out and you never get old 
And the champagnes always cold 
And the music is always good 
And the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood 
And they hop their pretty ass up on the hood of dat pretty ass car 
Without a wrinkle in today 
Cuz there is no tomorrow 
Just some picture perfect day 
To last a whole lifetime 
And it never ends 
Cos all we have to do is hit rewind 
So lets just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, 
Drink some wine, 
Reminisce talk some shit forever young is in your mind 
Leave a mark that cant erase neither space nor time 
So when the director yells cut, 
Ill be fine, 
Im forever young... 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Fear not when, fear not why, 
Fear not much while were alive, 
Life is for living not living up tight, 
See ya somewhere up in the sky, 
Fear not die, I'll be alive for a million years, bye bye, 
So not for legends, I'm forever young 
My name shall survive 
Through the darkest blocks, over kitchen stoves, 
Over Pyrex pots, my name shall be passed down to generations 
While debating up in barber shops, young slung, hung here, 
Shorty, the nigga from here 
With a little ambition just what we can become here, 
And as the father passed his story down to his sons ears, 
Younger kid, younger every year, yeah 
So if you love me baby this is how you let me know. 
Dont ever let me go, thats how you let me know, baby, 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Slamming Bentley doors, 
Hopping out of Porsches, 
Popping up on Forbes lists, 
Gorgeous, 
Hold up, 
Niggas thought I lost it, 
They be talking bullshit 
I be talking more shit 
They nauseous, 
Hold up, 
I'll be here forever 
You know, I'm on my fall shit, 
And I aint waiting for closure, I will never forfeit, 
Less than four bars, 
Guru bring the chorus in, 
Did you get the picture yet, 
Im painting you a portrait of young... 
 
 [Chorus]It's the Roc! Wooo! 
My gear is right... (check) 
My bucket is low... (check) 
My Rocawear is fittin' incredible... 
 
Fuck it... 
I guess I got my swagger back 
Mama that said I killed her man 
Well I guess I got the dagger back 
It's the Roc bastards we are BACK! 
In the heezy 
Jiggaman, B. Sieg to M-Easy (what up fam?) 
Oskino and Sparks and Freeweezy (holla!) 
Mickey, Mallory, Chris and Neef, hey! 
All I need is the love of my crew 
The whole industry can hate me I thugged my way through 
And all...I...need is a chick to hold a jimmy like 
Meth and Mary, like, Marvin and Tammi, unnnh... 
Now understands we can't be stopped 
From blowin' Swisher Sweets outta candy drops 
Like we underground kings, ridin' dirty 
A nigga been focused since I said hi to 30 (what up?) 
Young niggas ya'll can't hurt me 
Better watch and observe me 
And learn how to earn better, I burn cheddar 
I set fire to your empire 
I blow smoke in your face, burn rubber off the rim tires 
Yes I-ah...Jay I-ah... 
Double G-A livewire nigga holla back 
 
 [CHORUS] 
All I need... 
Rocawear... (check) 
Nike Airs... (check) 
Mean bucket... (uh huh) 
Armadale in the club couple o' duckets (yeah) 
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride 
All I need... 
That new coupe (got that) 
A doo-rag and a pocket full o' loot (got those) 
A sunny day some chicks that wanna play 
And I'll be on my way 
 
C'mon...now... 
All I need in this world o' sin 
Is me and my girlfriend! (ha ha) 
I got a little two-two I call 'er Peggy Sue 
When I'm off in the club she fit right in my shoe (wooo!) 
Gotta switch her to my waist, just in case (uh huh) 
A clown wan' flip gotta reach for my bitch 
Wanna act out a movie I could give you a clip (buk!) 
But no adlibbin' nigga stick to the script 
Now all...I...need is a high-priced lawyer 
Cuz it's foul ways nowadays everybody saw you 
And they comin' to court too, I thought you knew 
Can't even steal on a nigga muhfuckas'll sue 
In this time and age, cuz real muhfuckas'll do 
When I'm surrounded by squeal muhfuckas like you 
But real niggas don't fret cuz the number one crew? 
R to the O to the C comin' true 
 
 [CHORUS] 
 
Listen... 
The cream too long, my team too strong 
Bleek is too hot, Beans is gone 
Ya'll niggas in the crosshair, the beams is on (see ya'll) 
Ya'll whole block deserted, ya'll fiends are gone (bye bye!) 
The whole Roc is jumpin', we reached our zenith 
Got fiends throwin' up on themself like Willy Beaman [giggle] 
Any given Sunday gunplay's optional 
However niggas want it like Soul II Soul (however do you waaaaant it) 
Whoever got hops get blocked go to the hole 
Dikembe Mutumbo of this rap shit 
Plus the jab is sick, and it's that quick 
Left hand'll lean 'em like a little past six 
Now run along wit'cha little ass hits 
Read my rap sheet nigga, THREE CLASSICS 
Shut ya bumba' got A-Rod numbers 
All you muddaskunks get buried in the trunk 
When I blast the pump, I leave you relaxed 
In the hospital lookin' at M*A*S*H for months 
Then I dumps dough on the D.A. desk 
And the fleece got free and pee-pee on the steps... 
We've got no respect 
No law or governin' why you fuckin' wit' him? 
Matta'fact, why you fuckin' wit' them? 
All ya'll need is the R-O-C baby 
 
 [CHORUS] 
 
Listen... 
(All I need) 
Rocafella Records... 
Freeway... 
Oskino and Sparks... 
Chris & Neef 
(All I need) 
Mickey and Mallory... 
Broad Street Bully... 
M-Extra Money, ha... 
YOUNG! 
(All I need) 
H to the izzo... 
CLUE! 
Rell... 
Uh huh...yeah, yeah... 
(All I need)[Jay-Z] 
Girls I love you.. I love all y'all 
Hehehe, hehehe, f'real 
 
 [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls, I do adore 
 [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya 
Holla at ya when I come off tour, yeah 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam 
So she call me cabron plus marricon 
Said she likes to cook rice so she likes me home 
I'm like, "Un momento" - mami, slow up your tempo 
I got this black chick, she don't know how to act 
Always talkin out her neck, makin her fingers snap 
She like, "Listen Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap 
You better - R-E-S-P-E-C-T me" 
I got this French chick that love to french kiss 
She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist 
My, cherie amor, t est belle 
Merci, you fine as fuck but you givin me hell 
I got this indian squaw the day that I met her 
Asked her what tribe she with, red dot or feather 
She said all you need to know is I'm not a ho 
And to get with me you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough 
Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, indian and black 
That's fried chicken, curry chicken, damn I'm gettin fat 
Arroz con pollo, french fries and crepe 
An appetitite for destruction but I scrape the plate 
I love 
 
 [Tip] Girls, girls, girls, girls (uh-huh) 
Girls, I do adore 
 [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya 
Holla at ya when I come off tour 
 [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls all over the globe 
 [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes 
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll - c'mon 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I got this young chick, she so immature 
She like, "Why you don't buy me Reeboks no more?" 
Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor 
Gotta toss a couple dollars, just to shut up her holla 
Got a project chick, that plays her part 
And if it goes down y'all that's my heart 
Baby girl so thorough she been with me from the start 
Hid my drugs from the NARCs, hid my guns by the parts 
I got this model chick that don't cook or clean 
But she dress her ass off and her walk is mean 
Only thing wrong with ma she's always on the scene 
God damn she's fine but she parties all the time 
I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick 
She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick 
She gives me extra pillows and seat back love 
So I had to introduce her to the Mile High Club 
Now that's young chick, stewardess, project and model 
That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tahoe 
That means I'm new school, pop pills and stay in beef 
But I never have a problem with my first class seat 
I love 
 
 [Rick] Girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls, I do adore 
 [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya 
Holla at ya when I come off tour 
 [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls all over the globe 
 [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes 
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house 
A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out 
Got a chick from Peru, that sniff Peru 
She got a cousin at customs that get shit through 
Got this weedhead chick, she always catch me doin shit 
Crazy girl wanna leave me but she always forgets 
Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick' 
Cause she kept bootleggin my shit - man 
I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull 
She like, "Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal?" 
I'm like excuse me Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass 
you was dead broke and naked, and now you want half 
I got this ho that after twelve million sold 
Mami's a narcolyptic, always sleepin on Hov' 
Gotta tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow 
I got so many girls across the globe.. 
 
 [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls, I do adore 
 [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya 
Holla at ya when I come off tour 
 [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls all over the globe 
 [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes 
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll 
 [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls, I do adore 
 [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya 
Holla at ya when I come off tour 
 
 [Jay] 
I love girls, girls, girls, girls 
Girls, girls..[Jay-Z] 
(J) uhh (A) uh-uh (Y) uh uh-uh 
Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh 
Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh 
It's that hop I'm talkin bout right here Timbo! 
 
I can't be stopped when it hop like this family, uhh! 
(Uno, dos, tres, cuatro!) 
 
They say hola' hovito 
That's what they sayin when I roll up with my people 
My music bangin like - them vatos locos got rap in a chokehold 
And I won't surrender it with, beats by Timbaland 
Calle de la boca, my baby 
All I wanna, do is, stroke ya all crazy 
My, dick game is vicious, insane at bitches 
Mami keep comin back cause mami came vicious 
Catch Hov' in the drop, nasty thang lane switchin 
Once you turn your neck for a sec your dame's missin 
Bujando, bujando, the cops is comin 
Got that rap patrol behind yo, get to runnin 
I'm unstoppable Hov', untoppable flows 
I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day 
Ol' Blue Eyes my nigga, I did it my way 
If y'all not rollin with Hov' then hit the highway 
 
 [Chorus] 
(Hola' hovito!) Yeah, yeah (Hola' hovito!) 
Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin 
Put it down for my PEO-PLE! 
(Hola' hovito! Hola' hovito!) 
Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin 
Put it down for my PEO-PLE! 
 
 [an extra "yeah" before the 5th line first time, 2nd line second, and the 5th line the third time] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
Yeah naw I don't fuck around, stay on my J.O. 
Hov' been about that dough since I was a day old 
Oh, push perrico if I need to for the rule of evil 
Was born in the belly that's the way the streets breed you 
One life to live - notice you get no sequel 
So I truly got to live this like my last movie 
Six oohie, jewels drippin, big toolie 
I ball for real, y'all niggaz is Sam Bouie 
And with the third pick - I made the earth sick 
M.J., hem Jay, fade away perfect 
I rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter 
Every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic because my mind's quicker 
I'm a eighty-eighter, nine-six to "Reasonable Doubt" 
Temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out 
Yeah you shinin but the only thing you're leavin out 
You're a candle in the sun - that shit don't even out 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Hold up; naw muh'fuckers - y'all muh'fuckers 
better run to the post office and get a job muh'fuckers 
A starve muh'fuckers, cause Jay's been the only one 
eatin thus far sub-par muh'fuckers 
Naw even though y'all hate I love y'all muh'fuckers 
"Friend or Foe," y'all all my muh'fuckers 
If you haven't heard, I'm Michael Magic and Bird 
all rolled in one - cause none got more flows than Young 
Plus got more flows to come 
And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one 
So move over - hoes, choose Hova 
My food for though so hot it give you dudes ulcers 
Rovers, roasters, poseurs 
gettin it in with me, livin like they supposed tah 
Watches, chain, front row at the game 
Sold out arena, all screamin my name, c'mon 
 
 [Chorus]("Never, never, never, never change") 
Ain't never changed, this is Jay every day 
("I never change!") 
I never change, this is Jay every day 
("I never change!") 
I never change, this is Jay 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I am a, Roc representer 
Hov', summer to winter, Hov', dead or alive 
Twenty-four/seven, three-sixty-five 
One CD or three-hundred and sixty pies 
Whassup to E and Kirk? Welcome home to Taj 
Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours 
We run streets like drunks run street lights 
We collidin with life as we speak 
We knee deep in coke, we ki deep in ice 
We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke 
We all fish, better teach your folk 
Give him money to eat, then next week he's broke 
Cause when you sleep, he's reachin for your throat 
Word on the skreet, you reap what you sew 
Not out of fear but love, love for the game 
Roc family first, we never change mayn 
 
 [Chorus] 
("Never, never, never, never change") 
I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays 
("I never change!") 
Out hustlin, same clothes for days 
("I never change!") 
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change 
Who you know like Hov'? 
("Never, never, never, never change") 
I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays 
("I never change!") 
Out hustlin, same clothes for days 
("I never change!") 
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What's up to my Miami and St. Thomas connects (whattup) 
I'll never mention your name, I promise respect 
Death before dishonor correct? - Yup 
That's what you promised me, since the (?)lee 
Along with, if we stay strong 
We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms 
Plead the fifth when it comes to the fam 
I'm like a dog - I never speak, but I understand 
Where my dogs at? Where my soldiers at war? 
Where your bars at? Whoa, gotta pause that - whoa 
Lost 92 bricks had to fall back 
Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back 
Had A-1 credit, got more crack 
From the first to the fifth, gave it all back 
If, I'm not a hustler what you call that? 
This is before rap, this is all fact 
I never change 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What, the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly 
Well fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari 
Was so young my big sis' still playin with Barbie 
Young brother, big city, eight million stories 
Old heads taught me, yung'un, walk softly 
Carry a big clip, that'll get niggaz off me 
Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin mothy 
Change is cool to cop but more important is lawyer fees 
(Uhh) That's how it is now (uhh) that's how it always be 
(Uhh) I never change, this is always me 
From the womb to the tomb, from now until my doom 
Drink army from one cup pass it around the room (That's a family nigga) 
That's the ritual (yup) Big Ran, I ain't forget you fool 
And all that bullshit you tryin to get through 
This is crew love, move music or move drugs 
Rival crews get your black suits up - I never change 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
This is Jay, everyday 
Who you know like Hov', nigga?[Jay-Z] 
Motherfuckers - 
say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels (bling bling) 
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it? 
See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined 
That same dude you gave nothin, I made somethin doin 
what I do through and through and 
I give you the news - with a twist it's just his ghetto point-of-view 
The renegade; you been afraid 
I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they 
pop toasters, and they live with they moms 
Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggaz crotched over 
Mommy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over 
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked 
No he's not around - now how that sound to ya, jot it down 
I bring it through the ghetto without ridin 'round 
hidin down duckin strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways 
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day 
How you rate music that thugs with nothin relate to it? 
I help them see they way through it - not you 
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes 
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt 
 
 [Eminem] 
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen 
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute 
Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it 
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it 
Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics 
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics 
usin his music to steer it sharin his views in his marriage 
But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it 
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit 
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish 
But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America 
as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment? 
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror 
and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased 
And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents 
You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! 
(Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't 
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo 
Cause here we go - he's {*Jigga joint Jigga-chk-Jigga*} 
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the 
 
 [Chorus: Eminem + Jay-Z] 
 [Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say 
what's on my mind at, any given time of day 
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk 
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE! 
 [Jay] Never been afraid to say 
what's on my mind at, any given time of day 
Cause I'm a {RENEGADE} Never been afraid to holler 
about anything {anything?} Anything {ANYTHING!} 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles 
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent 
Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench 
Whatchu hollerin? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in 
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin braver 
Doo-rag wrappin my waves up, pockets full of hope 
Do not step to me - I'm awkward, I box leftier often 
My pops left me an orphan, my momma wasn't home 
Could not stress to me I wasn't grown; 'specially on nights 
I brought somethin home to quiet the stomach rumblings 
My demeanor - thirty years my senior 
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up 
Raisin my fingers to critics; raisin my head to the sky 
Big I did it - multi before I die (nigga) 
No lie, just know I chose my own fate 
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight 
 
 [Eminem] 
See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare 
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here 
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me 
as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist 
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste 
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is 
Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape? 
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today 
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie 
while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me 
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics 
in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer 
I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful 
The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you 
What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter 
makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin 
 
 [Chorus - repeat 2X]The most incredible baby 
Uhh - mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm 
Yeah, yeah.. uhh 
 
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Good dudes - I know you love me like cooked food 
Even though a nigga got move like a crook move 
We was together on the block since free lunch 
We shoulda been together havin 4 Seasons brunch 
We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather 
So now we travel first class to change the forecast 
Never in bunches, just me and you 
I loved your point of view cause you held no punches 
Still I left you for months on end 
It's been months since I checked back in 
Well somewhere in a small town, somewhere lockin a mall down 
Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down 
I can understand why you want a divorce now 
Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it 
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with 
But deep inside a nigga so sick 
 
 [Chorus] 
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes 
So I gotta let the song cry 
I can't see it comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
I can't see it comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
On repeat, the CD of Big's "Me and My Bitch" 
Watchin Bonnie and Clyde, pretendin to be that shit 
Empty gun in your hand sayin, "Let me see that clip" 
Shoppin sprees, pull out your Visa quick 
A nigga had very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip 
You helped me get the keys to that V dot 6 
We was so happy poor but when we got rich 
That's when our signals got crossed, and we got flipped 
Rather mine, I don't know what made me leave that shit 
Made me speed that quick, let me see - that's it 
It was the cheese helped them bitches get amnesia quick 
I used to cut up they buddies, now they sayin they love me 
Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me 
Then I showed up in that dubbed out buggy 
And then they got fussy and they don't remember that 
And I don't remember you.. 
 
 [Chorus] 
I can't see it comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
I can't see it comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
Yeah I seen 'em comin down your eyes 
But I gotta make the song cry 
I can't see it comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone 
Word back home is that you had a special friend 
So what was oh so special then? 
You have given away without gettin at me 
That's your fault, how many times you forgiven me? 
How was I to know that you was plain sick of me? 
I know the way a nigga livin was whack 
But you don't get a nigga back like that! 
Shit I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that 
You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that 
You don't throw away what we had, just like that 
I was just fuckin them girls, I was gon' get right back 
They say you can't turn a bad girl good 
But once a good girl's goin bad, she's gone forever.. 
I'll mourn forever 
Shit I gotta live with the fact I did you wrong forever 
 
 [Chorus] 
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes 
So I gotta let the song cry 
I know I seen 'em comin down your eyes 
But I gotta make the song cry 
I can't see 'em comin down my eyes 
So I gotta make the song cry 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
It's fucked up girl..[Jay-Z] 
R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit 
Memphis Bleek, we runnin this rap shit 
B. Mac, we runnin this rap shit 
Freeway, we run this rap shit 
O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit 
Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit 
 
The takeover, the break's over nigga 
God MC, me, Jay-Hova 
Hey lil' soldier you ain't ready for war 
R.O.C. too strong for y'all 
It's like bringin a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test 
Your chest in the line of fire witcha thin-ass vest 
You bringin them Boyz II Men, HOW them boys gon' win? 
This is grown man B.I., get you rolled in the triage(?) 
Beatch - your reach ain't long enough, dunny 
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucka 
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy 
Niggaz'll kidnap your babies, spit at your lady 
We bring - knife to fistfight, kill your drama 
Uh, we kill you motherfuckin ants with a sledgehammer 
Don't let me do it to you dunny cause I overdo it 
So you won't confuse it with just rap music 
 
R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit 
M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit 
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin this rap shit 
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it 
Freeway, we run this rap shit 
O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit 
Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit 
"Watch out!! We run New York" -> [KRS-One] 
 
I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews 
You little FUCK, I've got money stacks bigger than you 
When I was pushin weight, back in eighty-eight 
you was a ballerina I got your pictures I seen ya 
Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switch your demeanor 
Well - we don't believe you, you need more people 
Roc-A-Fella, students of the game, we passed the classes 
Nobody could read you dudes like we do 
Don't let 'em gas you like Jigga is ass and won't clap you 
Trust me on this one - I'll detach you 
Mind from spirit, body from soul 
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole 
No, you're not on my level get your brakes tweaked 
I sold what ya whole album sold in my first week 
You guys don't want it with Hov' 
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov', nooooo! 
 
R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit 
B. Sigel, we runnin this rap shit 
M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit 
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it 
O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit 
Freeway, we run this rap shit 
Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit 
"Watch out!! We run New York" -> [KRS-One] 
 
I know you missin all the - FAAAAAAAME! 
But along with celebrity comes bout seventy shots to your brain 
Nigga; you a - LAAAAAAAME! 
Youse the fag model for Karl Kani/Esco ads 
Went from, Nasty Nas to Esco's trash 
Had a spark when you started but now you're just garbage 
Fell from top ten to not mentioned at all 
to your bodyguard's "Oochie Wally" verse better than yours 
Matter fact you had the worst flow on the whole fuckin song 
but I know - the sun don't shine, then son don't shine 
That's why your - LAAAAAAAME! - career come to a end 
There's only so long fake thugs can pretend 
Nigga; you ain't live it you witnessed it from your folks pad 
You scribbled in your notepad and created your life 
I showed you your first tec on tour with Large Professor 
(Me, that's who!) Then I heard your album bout your tec on your dresser 
So yeah I sampled your voice, you was usin it wrong 
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song 
And you ain't get a corn nigga you was gettin fucked and 
I know who I paid God, Serchlite Publishing 
Use your - BRAAAAAAAIN! You said you been in this ten 
I've been in it five - smarten up Nas 
Four albums in ten years nigga? I could divide 
That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due 
One was - NAHHH, the other was "Illmatic" 
That's a one hot album every ten year average 
And that's so - LAAAAAAAME! Nigga switch up your flow 
Your shit is garbage, but you try and kick knowledge? 
(Get the fuck outta here) You niggaz gon' learn to respect the king 
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen 
Because you know who (who) did you know what (what) 
with you know who (yeah) but just keep that between me and you for now 
 
R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit 
M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit 
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin this rap shit 
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it 
Freeway, we run this rap shit 
O & Sparks, we runnin this rap shit 
Chris & Neef, we runnin this rap shit 
"Watch out!! We run New York" -> [KRS-One] 
 
A wise man told me don't argue with fools 
Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who 
So stop with that childish shit, nigga I'm grown 
Please leave it alone - don't throw rocks at the throne 
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you 
I don't know why your advisors ain't forewarn you 
Please, not Jay, he's, not for play 
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin and gimmicks 
I will end it, all that yappin be finished 
You are not deep, you made your bed now sleep 
Don't make me expose to them folks that don't know you 
Nigga I know you well, all the stolen jew-els 
Twinkletoes you breakin my heart 
You can't fuck with me - go play somewhere, I'm busy 
And all you other cats throwin shots at Jigga 
You only get half a bar - fuck y'all niggaz[J] Yeah, yeah, it's here niggaz! (wooo-WEEE!) 
 [J] Rockland/Roc-A-Fella collaboration 
 [R] What, what, what, what.. 
 [J] Tone the Referee - the best of both worlds 
 [R] Welcome to the best of both worlds 
 [J] R. Kelly 
 [R] Chi-Town 
 [J] Let's just start frontin on 'em right away (c'mon Jay) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I pull up with the big boy truck, nigga big boy drop 
We be the only big boys that the big boys watch 
Sing to 'em Kelly 
 
 [R] Best of.. both worlds.. (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
The combination of Pappy Mason and Larry Davis 
Martin and Malcolm, this is the bigger than the album 
R-ah 
 
 [R] Oh yeah 
 [R] The best of (best of both) both worlds - ohhhhHHH! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I got a million on that boy singin whatever on the flow 
Y'all got cheddar to blow, whatever, let a nigga know 
Kel's 
 
 [R] The best of.. 
 [J] Back and forth, back and forth, let's do it 
 [R] .. both worlds (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
It's not even close, just leave it alone 
I'm Michael Jordan, I play for the team I own 
Sing to 'em Kel' 
 
 [R] The best of.. both worlds - ohhhhHHH! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Young.. H - flow feared in fifty states 
Young.. Kel's - nigga the best of both worlds 
Holla 
 
 [R] The best of.. 
 [J] Just get gangsta with a nigga 
 [R] .. both worlds 
 [J] Just get gangsta with it (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You can't possibly think you can stop this 
It's prophecy; plus I feel like the nigga Big watchin me 
Kel.. 
 
 [R] Best of.. both worlds 
 [J] Stop playin with these niggaz, talk to 'em! 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
This is for my niggaz down bottom and them hustlers on twenty-two's 
Single parent mothers in the hood is who I'm talkin to 
I know it's rough in the ghetto but let me walk witchu 
Talk witchu, uh-huh, yeah-hea 
And for the ones who put you down and said you wouldn't make it 
But you still held your ground and came up out that basement 
In the memory of those that we lost, it's deicated 
We miss y'all, uh-huh, yeah-hea 
 
 [Jay-Z + (R. Kelly)] 
This right here this whole album's.. 
in the memory of all our fallen soldiers (uh-huh) 
we lost along the way (ohhhhhoooh) knahmsayin, ghetto to ghetto 
City to city, worldwide, we got y'all, y'knahmean? 
(Ghetto America) This album right here represents strength 
(Ohhhh! Yeahhh) Strength in our people, understand it 
 
 [Both] 
Cock-suckers can not touch us, the block love us 
We got the ghetto on our back muh'fuckers 
 
 [R] The best of.. 
 [J] Yeah, right 
 [R] both worlds (rock for 'em Hov') 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We got this locked for two reasons: we from the hood 
plus we promised both our mommas that we would 
Kel - take 'em to church 
 
 [R] The best of.. both worlds - ohhhhHHH! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We mastered this, don't you know 
I eat beef and breathe acid, weak bastards 
We copped and we crash it 
Then we cop again cause we are classic 
Let me speak for ya R we "Scarface" re-enacted 
"The Godfather" trilogy re-casted 
But it's real like we grievin for Aaliyah with the masses 
But I hope my boy Dash get to see it when he passes 
I feel her soul when the Lee passes 
When the wind blows, it's almost like I see her in the Hamptons 
Even more reason to be up in them mansions 
Laid back, feet up in the hammock, I'ma live for ya 
Big too, 'til they put me in the grave 
I'ma floss 'til they toss me a Bed-Stuy parade 
'Til Chi-Town make a nigga Mayor for a day 
In the memory of Joanne Kelly, let us pray 
 
 [R] Both worlds... welcome to the best of both worlds[Jay-Z] 
Uh-huh uhh, uhh, uh-uhh 
Uh-huh uhh, uhh, uhh 
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! 
I, am, back, niggaz 
Ha ha ha ha ha.. uh-oh, uh-oh - whoo! 
Ladies and gentlemen.. H, to the Izzo 
I wanna thank everybody out there for they purchase 
I surely appreciate it - whoo! 
What you about to witness is my thoughts 
Just my thoughts man - right or wrong 
Just what I was feeling at the time, uhh 
You ever felt like this, you vibe with me 
Walk with a nigga man - just vibe with me 
 
Yo, gather round hustlers that's if you still livin 
And get on down, to that ol' Jig rhythm 
Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison 
A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high 
I, Young 'Vito, voice of the young people 
Mouthpiece for hustlers I'm back motherfuckers 
Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns 
Y'all can't fuck with Hov', what type of X y'all on? 
I got great lawyers for cops so dress warm 
Charges don't stick to dude he's teflon 
I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred 
I'm not guilty, now GIMME back my bread 
Mr. District Attorney I'm not sure if they told you 
I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to 
plus - Hov' don't run, Hov' stand and fight 
Hov's a soldier, Hov' been fightin all his life so 
What could you do to me? It's not new to me 
Sue me; fuck you - what's a couple dollars to me? 
But you will respect me, simple as that 
Or I got no problem goin back 
I'm representin for the seat where Rosa Parks sat 
Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped 
So off we go, let the trumpets blow 
And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro 
The ruler's back 
 
Uhh, uh-huh uhh uhh 
I, am, BACK, niggaz - whoo! whoo! whoo! whoo! 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
Turn the motherfuckin music up 
The ruler's back 
I, am, back, niggaz 
Yeah, geah, yeah, geah, yeah, geah, yeah 
 
Well in these times, well at least to me 
There's a lot of rappers out there tryin to sound like Jay-Z 
I'll help you out, here's what you do 
You gonna need a wide lens cause that's a VERR' big shoe 
And you got a couple of +Beans+ and you don't have a +Clue+? 
You situation is +Bleek+, I'ma keep it +Rell+ cause 
Fuckin with me, you gotta drop +Amil+ 
Cause if you gonna cop somethin you gotta cop f'real 
Don't only talk it, walk like it - from the Bricks to the booth 
I can predict the future like Cleo the psychic 
You can't date skee-os and wife it (uh-uh) 
And you can't sell me bullshit, we know the prices 
So what your life is? We gon' roll 
'til the wheels fall off, y'all muh'fuckers check the tires 
Off we go, let the trumpets blow 
And hold on, because the driver of that Bentley is a pro 
The ruler's back 
 
Uhh, uhh 
I, am, back, niggaz 
Feels good! Ha 
Pah, holla at me! 
The ruler's back 
Yeah.. whoo! 
Yeah.. yeah.. yeah.. 
 
Now bounce, c'mon, bounce 
Uhh, whoo! Whoo! 
Bounce, c'mon, bounce 
Uhh, uhh, yeah, yeah 
Bounce, c'mon, bounce 
Uhh, yeah, just my thoughts ladies and gentlemen 
Just what I'm feelin at the time, you know what I mean? 
Knahmean? [music fades w/ ad libs][Jay-Z] 
Turn my music high, high, high, high-er 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
Sure I do.. 
 
I'm from the streets where the 
hood could swallow a man, bullets'll follow a man 
There's so much coke that you could run the slalom 
And cops comb the shit top to bottom 
They say that we are prone to violence, but it's home sweet home 
Where personalities crash and chrome meets chrome 
The coke prices up and down like it's Wall Street homes 
But this is worse than the Dow Jones your brains are now blown 
all over that brown Brougham, one slip you are now gone 
Welcome to hell where you are welcome to sell 
But when them shells come you better return 'em 
All scars we earn 'em, all cars we learn 'em like the back of our hand 
We watch for cops hoppin out the back of van 
Wear a G on my chest, I don't need that for damn 
This ain't a sewn outfit homes, homes is about it 
Was clappin them flamers before I became famous 
For playin me y'all shall forever remain nameless 
I am Hov' 
 
Sure I do, I tell you the difference between me and them 
They tryin to get they ones, I'm tryin to get them M's 
One million, two million, three million, four 
In just five years, forty million more 
You are now lookin at the forty million boy 
I'm rapin Def Jam 'til I'm the hundred million man 
R., O., C. 
 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
That's where you're wrong 
 
I came into this motherfucker a hundred grand strong 
Nine to be exact, from grindin G-packs 
Put this shit in motion ain't no rewindin me back 
Could make 40 off a brick but one rhyme could beat that 
And if somebody woulda told 'em that Hov' would sell clothin 
Heh, not in this lifetime, wasn't in my right mind 
That's another difference that's between me and them 
Heh, I'm smarten up, open the market up 
One million, two million, three million, four 
In eighteen months, eighty million more 
Now add that number up with the one I said before 
You are now lookin at one smart black boy 
Momma ain't raised no fool 
Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I'll triple my worth 
Motherfucker - I, will, not, lose 
 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
Put somethin on it 
 
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell 
I am a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well 
I was born to get cake, move on and switch states 
Cop the Coupe with the roof gone and switch plates 
Was born to dictate, never follow orders 
Dickface, get your shit straight, fucka this is Big Jay 
I.. hahahaha.. 
 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
.. will, not, lose, ever.. FUCKA![Beanie Sigel] 
1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy 
What's the problem shorty? 
 
 [Shorty] 
Yeah whattup man 
I'm the only nigga from Brooklyn out here man 
I'm tryin to lock the spot down, holla at me 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Alright; hold on - Hova, line one 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Here's a couple of suggestions of how you could finesse it 
You find a dude in town, you send him a short message 
Say, "Hey, I'm new in town, I don't know my way around 
but I got some soft white that's sure to come back brown 
I get that butter all night 
cause most niggaz don't know a brick from a bike 
They keep buyin hard white 
And if you free tomorrow night we can meet and discuss price 
FYI, I never been robbed in my life" 
Or -- you find a chick, shit, you hole up in her crib and 
let her introduce you 'round town like her man 
Shake hands, make friends like it's all innocent 
then -- before they look up you sellin the town cook-up 
Or -- gorilla pimp, come up on that killer shit 
Take a nigga brick, smack him, then you sell it back to them 
Still there Brooklyn? 
 
 [Shorty] 
Yeah yeah that's gangsta, I think I'ma roll with that one 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Make out a check for eight hundred dollars 
Jigga Man, holla [click, dial tone] 
 
 [Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy 
 [Chris] Whassup Sig? This Chris out the Young Guns dog 
 [Beans] Whattup? 
 [Chris] I'm ready to smash these niggaz in the rap game 
The niggaz takin too long with that advance money and shit 
 [Beans] Yeah 
 [Chris] Talkin 'bout chill, chill don't pay the bills 
 [Beans] Yeah I feel that 
 [Chris] I know you well connected dog 
Let me holla at somebody real 
 [Beans] Aight look, I got the perfect person for you, hold on 
Bleek, line two 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Listen shorty, you wanna roll just give me the word 
I ain't got time for a sentence all that shit is absurd 
You find a strip first, if you don't cook find a bitch first 
If you don't hustle find a nigga who pitch first 
You new in town, no red and blue in town, there's gangs 
Don't get fresh, let 'em know you small change 
The strong move quiet, the weak start riots 
We know you got a brick but sell 'em twenties til they tired 
With no credit, you know you sick with that gotta eat fetish 
and other niggaz who gettin it - DEAD IT 
Make 'em an offer that they can't refuse 
He resists, box him in, til he can't be moved 
Here's the rules: chop it, bag it, stash it, stack it 
Get in, get out - that's a O.G.'s classic 
900-Hustler, you pass it around 
Wanna speak to me direct, hit extension trey-pound, I'm out 
 [click, dial tone] 
 
 [Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your dog 
What seem to be the problem young boy? 
 [MDKHN] Yo whattup, this Murder Def Kill Homicide Nigga 
(??) I got two freaks 
 [Beans] Yo watch your fuckin mouth man 
 [MDKHN] Fuck you mean watch my mouth nigga? 
Been on hold for about two hours nigga 
 [Beans] I don't give a fuck how long you been on the line; 
shut the fuck up! Matter of fact, hold on 
 [click, classical type music plays] 
 [MDKHN] I know this nigga ain't just put.. put me on hold man 
This bullshit-ass elevator music 
 [Beans] Free, pick up line five 
 
 [Free] 
First things first, watch what you say out your mouth 
when you talkin on the phone to hus-tlers 
Never play the house, think drought, keep heat in the couch 
when you sittin in the presence of cus-tomers 
Never hold out, pull out, throw heat and be out 
if a nigga ever think that he touchin-ya 
Lay low, get cake, whip all over the state 
Stash dough, whip yay with, right amount of bake (hoe!) 
Nigga too close went right around his place (yo!) 
You stoppin dough when we clutchin the gats? 
I know you heard "Friend or Foe," this ain't different from that 
Make sure you got your four-four and he can slip if he like 
Young, Jon Benet doin a mission tonight and yo 
until you up stay away from them dice and whores 
Three smuts, two streaks and a dyke 
can pause one-three rumbles two streaks and a pipe for sure 
And if it's tight, then he might come back for more 
Nine and four, everyday back and forth 
Winter to summer, 1-900-Hustler 
Pass the number til you're stackin balls 
Tell you how to weigh shit wet and package more 
I take cash or write the check out to F-R 
two E's, that'll be two G's 
And forget my money I'm comin for all your ki's, nigga 
 [click, dial tone] 
 
 [Beans] 1-900-Hustler, Sigel, holla at your boy dog 
 [MDKHN] Yo whattup young, you put me on hold earlier man what happened 
 [Beans] Yeah you stupid motherfucker [MDKHN:] Watch your mouth man 
you talkin all reckless on the phone 
 [Beans] Fuck you think this the, 
Get-Indicted-Hotline or somethin motherfucker? 
 [MDKHN] Yo, my bad man, my bad 
I know I was talkin reckless earlier about them two chickens 
You get it, you know, two chickens? But listen 
 [Beans] What? 
 [MDKHN] Just tell me how to move this shit man 
I'm pushin hardly half a wing back nigga, holla 
 [Beans] Get a job, holla at Perdue! 
 [click, dial tone][Jay-Z] 
Uhh, uhh, uhh, let's go 
Uhh, bounce, uhh, bounce 
Uhh, bounce, uhh.. 
Shit relax your mind, let your conscience be free 
You're now rollin with them thugs from the R-O-C 
Sigel Sigel in the house 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Uh-huh, sick bastard 
Get your wig pushed back by the wig push-backer 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uhh, uhh, Memph Bleek in the house 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Still here, never left 
Still bust, more or less, still puff - beeatch! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uh, uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, uhh 
Young Hova in the house.. Jigga! Yeah 
Crist' sipper, six dipper, wrist splitter nigga! 
.. hold up love 
Everytime you see Jigga Man I'm rollin on dubs 
Don't forget about them blades shit choppin it up 
It's the motherfuckin Roc bitch, who hotter than us? 
Jay-Hov, bout to change my name to Jay Peso 
But in the meantime, call me William H. though 
On the platinum Yamaha, got the engine gunnin 
Throwin it up like liquor on an empty stomach 
{cycle whizzes by} Y'all don't hear nuttin? 
Who that, Mac? 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Nah dawg, that's M. Bleek comin 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Who the FLUCK, want, what? 
Catch Bleek in South Beach out of the reach of the police 
Gat on my lap (yeah) bitch on my back (holla) 
Yak in my pocket, smokin the sticky chocolate (OO-WEE!) 
Holla if you want drama with 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
The Dynasty; Amil, Bleek, Jigga and.. Sigel 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Desert Eagle dawg, who else but me? 
Roc ears, Roc-Wears, bandannas and white tees 
Me without a gun dawg, unlikely 
You know I keep the heat right under the wifebeat' 
Three-X-T, I'm Lincoln now, you can't see the pound 
Got a little gut so gat sit tucked (fuck) 
I run wild, gun high, L.A. style 
Bang the roscoe to the sunrise, plus I stay dumb high 
Whether block shit or rock shit 
Club shit or drug shit, I pop shit I got shit 
Get Sig' any track I'ma spit the talk to it 
Down South all bounce Crips gon' walk to it 
Get a ounce, get a woods, everybody spark to it 
Every dawg, every Blood in the hood, bark to it 
Get the ounce, get the woods, everybody spark to it 
We can smoke in here, put the choke in the air 
 
 [singer] 
Don't change the game for these folks 
who plays the game like we supposed 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Sigel Sigel in the house 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Uh-huh, sick bastard 
Get your wig pushed back by the wig push-backer 
 
 [singer] 
Don't change the game for these folks 
who plays the game like we supposed 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Memph Bleek in the house 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Still here, never left 
Still bust, more or less, still puff - beeatch! 
 
 [singer] 
Don't change the game for these folks 
who plays the game like we supposed 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Young Hova in the house.. Jigga! 
Crist' sipper, six dipper, wrist splitter nigga! 
 
I wear more bling to The Source and Soul Train's 
More chains than rings, niggaz won't do a thing 
I bangs the four-four in plain, daylight I'm deranged 
Spray right at your brain; by the way this is Hov' 
One shot Dillinger, one shot killin ya 
It's only one Roc La Familia 
Sigel lock Philly up, Brooklyn is me 
Matter of fact, the East coast fuck took it from me 
Fourth album still Jay still spittin that real shit 
Volume 3 still sold more records than Will Smith 
Can't call this a comeback, I run rap, the fuck is y'all sayin? 
Five million I done that, and I come back, to do it again (uh-huh) 
Ex-sinner, Grammy award winner 
Ballin repeatedly, highlights on Sportscenter 
Please repeat after me - there's only one rule 
I WILL NOT, LOSE![Jay-Z] 
Sup ma? You want to roll with us, y'knowhatI'msayin? 
It's good, it's love, it's all love 
We got cases of Belvedere, we gon' play truth or dare 
We gon' really get to know one another 
All you gotta do is put your hair down, get your mind right 
Knahmean? I'm here for you, yo 
 
Relax yourself, let your conscience be free 
You now rollin with them thugs from the R-O-C 
Ain't no place on the planet that you'd rather be 
but in the blue flame, bitch you're new to the game 
Cross over to the Roc, make yourself hot 
The topic of discussion in every nail shop 
It's a secret society, all we ask is trust 
and within a week, watch your arm freeze up 
Brassiere get right, A to a D cup 
Weave get tight, pedicure your feet up 
Ears get iced, gear get spiced 
From hoodrat to superstar, there's your life 
Fuck with Hova, he can take you out of your hell 
Say bye to Reebok, say hi to Chanel 
Say hi to Gucci, Prada as well 
Take a look in the mirror, be proud of yourself 
 
 [Chorus w/ singer] 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
And I need gangsta girls, for my gangsta family 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Yo, I'm young Memphis, used to play the apprentice 
Now I'm like the teacher, c'mere, let me teach ya 
how to play them benches, hold this work in your dentures 
How to play it cool when police come to pinch us 
Relax mami, let the Belvy flow 
Inhale the 'dro, exhale it slow 
I could teach you how to roll, teach you bout fly kicks 
Teach you how to keep your nose up out of my shit 
When the beeper goes off, please don't reach 
like you put a ring or spend cheese on Bleek 
Get your mind right baby, goin through mine crazy 
When I'm in the shower, *69 me crazy 
Track my last call, contact my broad 
with a bitch ?? had physical contact in the mall 
You got issues {inhales} problems you need to iron out 
I will, holla, for now you on time out 
 
 [Chorus w/ singer and Snoop] 
You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C 
 [S] C'mon little mama, c'mon 
You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
 [S] C'mon little mama, c'mon 
I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
 [S] C'mon baby girl, c'mon 
And I need gangsta girls, for my gangsta family 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
 [S] C'mon little mama, c'mon 
 
 [Snoop Dogg] 
P-I-M-P-ology 
I played you and you paid me 
Believe me when I tell you girl I know you a freak 
for fuckin with me, that ain't all you can be 
Just put your mind to it you can go real far 
I know times gettin hard on the boulevard 
They say, pimpin is dead; man, pimpin ain't dead 
These hoes just scared and they blind tryin and dyin to be lead 
But who's to lead 'em? Talk shit to 'em and beat 'em 
Get they mind right and feed 'em 
Now I don't need 'em (uh uh) but I can do that there 
Put on a three-piece suit and Shirley Temple my hair 
so I can, feel like a player when I walk in the place 
Got yo' bitch all on my line and now she up in my face 
Is this yo' bitch is that yo' bitch cause if she's not she mine 
She fallin fo' a nigga and I ain't even dropped a line 
 
 [Chorus w/ Snoop] 
Get out my limelight bitch and get your mind right 
C'mon little mama, c'mon 
Get your mind right bitch, get your mind right 
C'mon baby girl, c'mon, c'mon 
 
You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C 
 [J] Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me 
 [J] Get your mind right ma, get your mind right 
I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat 
 [J] Got ta get your mind right baby, get your mind right 
And I need gangsta girls for my gangsta family 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right 
Get your mind right ma, get your mind right huh? 
Got ta get your mind right baby, get your mind right[Jay-Z] 
I thought this was America people! 
Uhh, yeah, guilty until proven innocent huh? 
That's how we workin huh? Okay 
Before me there was many; after me there will be none 
I am the one 
Uh-huh, okay, I see how we playin 
 
Yeah, I get it down - anxiously the public can't wait 
Niggaz had to have it way before it's release date 
Jigga get irate, press get it fucked up 
Took me one point eight but I had to get it straight 
Get the CD, twelve inch vinyl, get the tape 
Jigga give out food for thought dog, get a plate 
I get it down, get it krunk when I get in the state of mind 
that what's mine is mine, nobody get to take 
I don't bend, break, fold, scratch, go down 
My mental rolodex see these words? I just don't know 
I know stress, drama, niggaz upsettin my mama 
Arrested, put in the lineup, tryin to put dents in my armor 
But I'm a survivor, plus I'm liver than most 
Out on bail, fifty thou', still ridin with toast 
I ain't tryin to collide with folk, 
but I don't want folk takin Jigga for joke 
I guess you niggaz just woke - good morning! 
 
 [Chorus - R. Kelly] 
You can't touch me, no you can't touch me 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
Try to charge me but I'm not guilty 
I got, all, my mamis 
I've got all of my mamis 
Tell me, what you, want from me 
Tell me.. what y'all want from me? 
I'm not guilty 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I see how you comin at me now, I'm cool 
 
I'm not the snitch I don't go to the cops to get rich 
.. I go to the block and pitch 
I go with the glock and click, I go with the pop I'm sick 
I go with you hard; I ain't gon' stop for shit 
Look in my eyes dog, right in my pupils 
If I'm your rival, why would I have to do you? 
Press try to throw dirt on my name, disturbin my game 
Seemed happy when they heard he was arraigned, glad he's indichted 
Got big money, big lawyers to fight it 
Just like Cochran, cocksuckers you never see me boxed in 
Y'all all knnow it, Jigga's a fighter 
Plus I'm clausterphobic, back on the streets before you know it 
And my word niggaz, I heard you niggaz 
I'm address each and every one of you cocksuckers 
Fuck the white press, the block love us, hip-hop forever 
B.I.G. is here, the soul of Tupac hovers - above us 
 
 [Chorus - R. Kelly] 
You can't touch me, no you can't touch me 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
Try to charge me but I'm not guilty 
I got, all, my mamis 
I've got all of my mamis 
Tell me, what you, want from me 
Tell me.. (I am the one) 
What you want from me? Not guilty 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uhh, okay, you on my radar, I got you too bitch 
 
Got lame bitches tryin to fuck with my case 
Same lame bitch I bust in her face 
Honey just mad I got her fuckin replaced 
Plus a birthday pass without me even touchin my safe 
But I ain't gon' lie, the head was sick 
But what we need to do, is put that mouth on a betta bitch 
You heart the rhetorhic, Jigga hit me over the head 
with a champagne bottle at the bar, can he buy me a car? 
Naw, how do y'all equate your pain 
Would it all go away if I bought you a Range? 
I got one or two of those, nothin gon' change 
For nothin else, you gotta live with yourself 
Try and lie on Hov' cause I ride on the road 
in what, most would describe as a Rolls 
NO, that's that Continental T 
The only car that fit intercontinental me, not guilty 
 
 [Chorus - R. Kelly] 
You can't touch me, no you can't touch me 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
And you wanna charge me, when I'm not guilty 
I got, all, my mamis 
(I am the one) I've got all of my mamis 
Tell me, what you, want from me 
Tell me.. what you want from me? 
Not guilty 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I, am, the, one 
 [R] 
Y'all, cats, can't touch me 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
So you can't touch me nigga, you can't touch me 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
Said Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
I got, all, my mamis 
And I got, all my, mamis 
Tell me, what you, want from me 
I don't, know why, y'all can't see that 
Y'all, cats, can't touch me 
Y'all, dudes, can't touch me 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
I got, all, my mamis 
I got, all my, mamis 
Tell me, what you, want from me 
So tell me, what you, want from me 
Y'all, cats, can't touch me 
Y'all, niggaz, can't touch me 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
I got, all, my mamis 
And I got, all my, mamis 
Tell me, what you, want from me 
So tell me, what you, want from me 
Y'all, cats, can't touch me 
 
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty 
I got, all, my mamis 
Tell me, what you, want from me 
Y'all, cats, can't touch meUh huh 
Is y'all ready? 
Is y'all ready?? 
 
 [HOOK 2X:] 
Holla! 
If you real and you know you a G 
Holla! 
Deep in these streets when you pumpin that D 
Holla! 
Be in your hood screamin fuck police 
Holla! 
You keep a gun and you bust for beef 
 
 [Verse 1] 
Niggas say I'm focused now, they know that's my style 
But dogg, I'm on the block with that coke and a smile 
I still got the crack heads I.D. 
And they know, I collect for the first and fifteenth 
I still take cabs to that capsule spot 
For them 31 illusions and them purple tops 
And the game aint change, niggas is taught different 
I'm raised off one rule, never get caught slippin 
That's why I eat, sleep, shit with my gat 
Bag up, take a piss, fuck a bitch with my gat 
And I done sold it all from crack to marijuana 
You can't deny it, I'm in hoods like Tom Warner 
Beat cop, take away, I keep my shit 
They don't know I deliver off the beeps I get 
And you snitch ass niggas wanna peep my shit 
But I'ma show you how deep into these streets I get 
 
 [HOOK] 
 
 [Verse 2] 
See what this game made, and (of age I came) 
And you up and coming rappers know you young to this game 
(I went from Marcy to Hollywood, I'm back again) 
I don't need no applaud, to clap again 
Let alone, no award, from rap to win 
Talk drama, get yourself wrapped up in 
Severe head trauma, get beat with the nine lime-a 
Cut your hand off if you fuckin with my product 
That slayed shit, I'm on the grave shift 
We all know fucked up money don't pay rent 
You short with my ones, you short one thumb 
You can't, come up short where the fuck I'm from 
We got, dues to pay, new tools to spray 
Who's to say, Bleek won't make news today 
You know the ooze'll spray if you refuse to pay 
And I move the yae nigga day by day 
 
 [HOOK][words echo during pauses (... are long pauses .. are short pauses)] 
 
It's the Dynasty niggaz... as promised... 
The world's most infamous... 
Roc-A-Fella Records... 
This is Roc La Familia... 
It's Young Hova... Beanie Sigel... Memphis Bleek... Amil-lion... 
It's the Dynasty niggaz... 2000 to infinity... 
This is ghetto to ghetto.. gutter to gutter.. 
Street corner to street corner.. project to project.. 
Worldwide... walk with us niggaz... 
Hoffa... Dash... it's the Dynasty niggaz 
Check it out... 
Uhh... walk with me... talk to me... yo.. 
 
The theme song to (The Sopranos) 
plays in the key of life on my, mental piano 
Got a strange way of seein life like 
I'm Stevie Wonder with, beads under the doo-rag 
Intuition is there even when my vision's impaired, yeah 
Knowin I can go, just switchin a spare 
On the highway of life, nigga it's sharp in my sight 
Oh! Keen senses ever since I was a, teen on the benches 
everytime somebody like Enus was mentioned 
I would turn green, me, bein in the trenches 
Him, livin adventureous not worryin about expenditures 
I'm bravin temperatures below zero, no hero 
No father figure, you gotta pardon a nigga 
But I'm starvin my niggaz, and the weight loss in my figure 
is startin to darken my heart, bout to get to my liver 
Watch it my niggaz, I'm tryin to be calm but I'm gon' get richer 
through any means, with that thing that Malcolm palmed in the picture 
Never read the Qu'ran or Islamic scriptures 
Only psalms I read was on the arms of my niggaz 
Tattooed so I carry on like I'm non-religious 
Clap whoever stand between Shawn and figures 
Niggaz, say it's the dawn/Don but I'm superstitious 
Shit is as dark as it's been, nothin is goin as you predicted 
I move with biscuits, stop the harder niggaz actin too suspicious 
This is, food for thought, you do the dishes[Jay-Z] 
Yeh, it's that knock right here 
You fuck around not have the right speakers in your system 
your shit be soundin like this [funny sounds] 
 
Big thangs, thick chains, ain't shit changed 
Get brain in the four-dot-six Range 
Shit mayn, switch lanes 
Every town I hit you switch lames, bitch flip big 'caine 
 
I givin 'em whiplash when I'm whippin the whip fast 
Which one? Pick one nigga, I got a six stashed 
Continental T's, no tense like I got a thick stab 
Big cigar, old money, when I drop it it's so funny 
Six-four switches, slam doors on 6's 
Big trucks when I wanna fuck and it's time to get ass 
I turn automobiles to hotels on wheels 
I got money for a room it's just the fact that I'm trill 
Bitches love when I cruise up the boulevard 
They have contests to guess which car I'ma pull out the yard 
They know I, come for dolo and pull off with a broad 
Spin away, spend a day tryin to pull menage 
Just Mac ?? God, the sunlight hit the ice it's flawless 
Run lights like I'm the king of New York, I'm lawless 
Bitches, they wanna hang like plaques in the office 
Cause I push black Porsches, Benz's and Jaguars-es 
When the rag's off it, gat on my lap, I'm that cautious 
Never trust grimy-ass New Yorkers 
'Specially when you're sittin on 20's they get nauseous 
Standin in the Azure with white air forces 
 
 [Chorus: sung] 
You can catch me in the parkin lot 
Hollerin at bitches, parkin lot pimpin' 
Everyday we be off the chains 
Workin with grain, sittin on them thangs 
Tryin to find out where dem dollars at (dollars at) 
So when I holla at you, holla back (holla back) 
Everyday we be off the chains 
Ain't nuttin different, parkin lot pimpin' 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Holla at me mami! Sigel.. 
 
You can catch Mac in the parkin lot, pimpin crazy 
S-5, Navy 'Cedes, sittin on 80 
That's four dubs, not S-4 dub 
Stash box, push (Hot Wheel) like (Matchbox) 
Bitches wanna push my world, they flash box 
160, push my wheel, mash cops 
Cause 160 took my wheel to cash drop 
Run 60, you Big Will, match cop 
Lookin through the rearview and Mac was wylin 
New driver, screwdriver, the cracked steering column 
Pushin somethin stolen, blastin, picture me rollin 
Baghdad, couldn't picture me ?? 
Now the truth different, Mac come through Coupe roof missin 
I'm the truth til my fuckin roof missin 
Mac stay stuck in the Coupe to school pigeons 
Feathers gettin plucked in the truck from loose chickens, listen 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Yo, aiyyo I dip dip dive, what can I say? 
I can't fit 'em all inside the Escalade 
So I called up, murder to further my parkin lot pimpin 
Told 'em get the Impala so I can start dippin 
Lay back, seat recline, they notice the hand 
Car movin slow, driven by the invisible man 
Everything on the dash, digital and 
I got a fast stashbox don't make me spit at you man 
In the parkin lot, where I spark a lot 
I come to show my new feet, slide off with a few freaks 
Bleek, turn up the beats.. 
.. turn up the heat then we burn up the streets, bitch! 
 
 [Chorus 2X][Jay-Z] 
Mmm, you don't understand now be..cause you're cryin, and you hurt 
You'll understand soon enough.. soon enough 
 
 [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] 
Let him hold you, let him touch you 
Soon you'll un-der-stand 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You're my best friend's sister, grown woman and all 
But you see how I am around girls; I ruin 'em all 
Plus your mom call me son, around you since I was small 
Shit I watched you mature - nah, this ain't right 
But still when your boyfriend ditched you, life's a bitch you cried 
Over my right shoulder I told you to wipe your eyes 
Take your time when you likin a guy 
Cause if he sense that your feelings too intense, it's pimp or die 
I bought you earrings on your birthday 
Drove you to college your first day 
It must be sad, though it hurts to say 
We could never be a item, don't even like him 
You deserve better - this is ugly; Gina, please don't love me 
There's better guys out there other than me 
(You need a lawyer or a doctor or somebody like that you know) 
Like a lawyer or a doctor with a Ph.D 
Think of how upset your mother and brother would be 
if they found that you was huggin me 
My conscience is fuckin with me 
 
 [Singer] 
Let him hold you, let him touch you 
Soon you'll un-der-stand 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Man, I look in the eyes of a.. 
this.. a kid that stole life and me together.. 
We're tryin, really tryin to make it work 
I'm young, and I ain't ready, and I told you 
 
 [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] 
Let him hold you, let him touch you 
Soon you'll un-der-stand 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
It ain't like, I ain't tell you from day one, I ain't shit 
When it comes to relationships, I don't have the patience 
Now it's too late, we got a little life together 
and in my mind I really want you to be my wife forever 
But in the physical it's like I'ma be trife forever 
A different girl every night forever; told you to leave 
but you're stubborn and you love him and, 
no matter what despite all the fuckin and the cheatin, 
you still won't leave him, now you're grievin 
And I feel bad, believe me 
But I'm young and I ain't ready, and this ain't easy 
Wasn't fair to tell you to wait, so I told you to skate 
You chose not to, now look at the shit we gotta go through 
Doin a fight, throw in a fuss, you the mother of my baby 
I don't want you to hate me, this is about us 
Rather me; I ain't ready to be what you want me to be 
Because I love you, I want you to leave, please 
 
 [Singer] 
Let him hold you, let him touch you 
Soon you'll un-der-stand 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Mm... listen ma 
I mean, I seen you workin two or three jobs 
Daddy left... I I thought I was makin things better 
I made it worse 
 
 [Singer overlaps Jay-Z] 
Let him hold you, let him touch you 
Soon you'll un-der-stand 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Dear ma, I'm in the cell, lonely as hell 
Writin this scribe, thinkin bout how you must feel inside 
You tried to teach me better, but I refused to grow 
God damn I ain't the young man that you used to know 
You said the street claim lives, but I wanted things like 
bling bling ice I was wrong in hindsight 
Shit we grew apart, try to blame it on your new spouse 
I know it hurt like hell the day you kicked me out 
But your house is your house, I ain't respect the rules 
I brought crack past your door, beefed with rival crews 
And who wants to be the mother of a son who sold drugs 
Co-workers saw me on the corner slingin Larry Love 
Meanwhile, you workin hard like, two or three jobs 
Tryin to feed me and my siblings, makin an honest livin 
Who am I kiddin I, call myself easin the load 
I made the load heavy, I need money for commissary 
Try to understand, please 
 
 [Singer - repeat all 6X until fade] 
Let him hold you, let him touch you 
Soon you'll un-der-standUh, yeah, mmmm 
William H. niggas 
Holla, yeah, yo 
 
 [HOOK:] 
That's why I, squeeze first ask quesions last 
That's how most of these so called gangstas pass 
I, squeeze first ask questions last 
Cuz when I pull up, always pop, that's why I'm livin today 
 
 [JIGGA] 
Yo, when I meet ya, I heat ya down 
When I greet ya, meet ya with pound 
Not the handshake, but the kind that make ya demand a wake 
The kind that put land over your face 
I pop ya, let doctors stitch ya 
I-N-F-R-A, will not miss ya 
I move light, like my shoes too tight 
Leave niggas confused from the day to the night 
At night, see the light, when the pistol's sparkin 
Daytime it gets dark when that pistol barkin 
I keep cash 'case cops arrest me 
'case kids kidnap me, kids could get back me 
You shall repent 'fore you spend a red cent 
If not, you somebody up close to sin 
Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he 
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy 
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult 
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke 
And y'all choke motherfuckers 
 
 [HOOK] 
 
 [JIGGA] 
I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he 
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy 
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult 
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke 
Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he 
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy 
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult 
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke 
And y'all choke niggas 
 
 [HOOK] 
 
 [JIGGA] 
Y'all don't understand 
I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he 
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Correy 
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult 
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke 
Y'all choke niggas 
 
 [HOOK] 
 
 [JIGGA] 
See when I'm low in digits, I push blow in a blizzard 
I'm a player for real, I post and pivot 
Coke distribute, be where the ghostes visit 
Where the demons live, shit my scene is vivid 
Squeamish kids, y'all get the fuck outta this verse 
It's about to get so obscene in a minute 
I seen and live it, I did some things I admit it 
Wasn't proud of it, but I was a child fuck it 
Kept a pow tucked in a brown belt 
Couldn't sit down, big gun kept stickin my pelvis 
Shit it was either that or be livin wit Elvis 
Niggas is jealous, hell is hot, you heard X 
Wanted to tell God that I don't deserve this 
Was afraid that he'd tell me I deserve less 
My life was nervous, you haven't heard stress 
Til you heard the cries of my mama, me givin her drama 
Told her I aint promised tomorrow, gotta live for the day 
And before she could say Jay... 
I was out the door, pouch full of raw, a outlaw mentality 
Men gotta do men things for men salary 
Bad Boy, not Puff or Mike Lowery, damn B.I.G. woulda been proud of me 
Ahh shit man... 
Young Hova ya heard? 
Who could fuck wit him?[Clue] Yeah.. DJ Clue! A/K/A/, William, M. Holla.. 
with William H. Holla 
 [Jay-Z] The world's most infamous 
 [Clue] The Holla family nigga 
 [Jay-Z] Roc-A-Fella Records, c'mon 
 [Clue] Dynasty! New Jay-Z! Beanie Sigel! 
Stick to the script! 
 [Jay-Z] We live money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
 [Clue] Remember where you heard it first.. stupid! 
 [Jay-Z] Cop, flip, we re-up; get back to the shift 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
 [Clue] D.. J.. CLUE! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
YO, they call me William H. (H!) the all-time great (GREAT!) 
I fuck the most hoes out of New York State (STATE!) 
I rock my jewels (JEWELS) I'm not a fool (FOOL!) 
In the small of my back I got this big-ass tool (Ha hah!) 
When I'm skatin through the city and I stop and kick it 
Be the most asked question - how I got them digits? 
I say I stay on my grind, never stop for bitches 
Never talk like a mom, I gotta watch you snitches 
And I stick to the script, that's my advice so life 
Eat nigga, let it stick to your ribs 
I seen niggaz go from handlin birds to ramblin words 
to the man, seen a Sammy the Bull emerge on the stand 
And it was all good just a week ago 
We lost Todd E., but we still eatin though 
For like a hundred weeks nigga, we gon' run the streets 
til we reach Malik or the date of E's release 
Peep Hova in a Jeep Rover, passin reefer over 
to this freak, breathe mami this is good weed mami 
Three, hymies under the belt, three extra clip 
We aim, we shoot; y'all shoot aim, we stick to the script 
C'mon! 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
 [scratch] "You can bullshit with rap if you want, muh'fuckers" 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
 [scratch] "You in the streets nigga, make your moves" 
 
 [scratch] "Y'all niggaz truly ain't ready for this dynasty thing" 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Geah, uh-huh 
Yeah, money over bitches nigga 
 [scratch] "This Philly cat ba.. back at it" 
Stick to the script, yo 
 
Aiyyo they don't call me Mac for nuttin 
I don't give a whore jack, man they all say that Mac be frontin 
But if you can't take a case bitch and take it to the chin 
take the heat, beat your feet bitch, skate in the wind 
Don't snitch, we can blow dough, make it again 
You can be my hoe bitch, I can't make you my friend 
because - friends depend on friends, not Bean Sigel's shit 
I don't need you; let welfare feed you 
Mac'll, stick to the script, and stick to the flip 
I got a sick whip game, water stick to the bricks 
I got a sick flip game, order gettin and shit 
I got a strict strip, flip 'caine, get it in shifts 
Bitch, you can't get at me, shit I get at you 
only in the physical, I tell you like Mystikal 
"Shake that ass (yeah) watch yourself 
(Yeah) show me what you workin with but wash yourself" 
Fuck a dirty bitch (yeah) man I roll with a sturdy click 
that'll murder shit, empty clips you never heard a spit 
Slide a bitch what? Slide a bitch shit 
Slide a bitch dick, then I slide out a bitch shit 
Ain't no time to stick around and play step pops 
Shit I'm tryin to get down, cop and upset blocks 
Low price, quick flip, 2-8-K quick 
Shit don't go right, 2 AK's spit - stick to the script nigga 
 
 [Chorus] 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
.. 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift 
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script 
Y'all get knocked, y'all turn bitch 
We get knocked, we never snitch, c'mon[Jay-Z] 
Is he a Blood, is he Crip? 
Is he that, is he this? 
Did he do it? Y'know, ehh 
Look.. 
 
If I shoot you, I'm brainless 
Different toilet, same shit, and I'm sick of explainin this 
I'm waitin on arraignment, my nigga is the plantiff 
Yeah, I know what you thinkin - fucked up ain't it? 
I shoulda known better, and I planned to 
but dog they be takin me out of my zone like a nigga with a handle 
I sat back and watched it, put the gats back in the closet 
I tried to tie my hands like an Iraqi hostage 
Let niggaz take shots at me, no response 
I just - flip and, pop my collar like the Fonz 
You give a nigga a foot he'll take you one step beyond 
He'll try to play you twice, the third time is the charm 
You wanna conversate with the writer of the Qu'ran 
or Old Testament, don't test him then 
I know what y'all thinkin dick, pause 
Your future's my past, I've been here before 
I know when you're schemin, I feel when you plottin 
I got, mental vision, intuition 
I know where you goin I read your mind's navigational system 
Everybody whisperin - pst pst pst ss perspirin 
 
 [Chorus] 
When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin 
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? 
I need to know.. geah geah 
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You see me with a bodyguard that means police is watchin 
And I only use his waist to keep my glock in 
But when shit goes down you know who's doin the poppin 
And if you don't know, guess who's doin the droppin 
S dot again, y'all got him in a bad mood 
Bad move; that's bad news 
How many times have I got to prove? 
How many loved ones have you got to lose 
before you realize that it's probably true? 
Whatever Jigga say, Jigga probably do 
Shit I paid my dues, I made the news 
I came in the door for dolo, blazed the crews 
And the streets say Jigga can't go back home 
You know when I heard that? When I was back home 
I'm comfortable dog, Brooklyn to Rome 
On any Martin Luther, don't part with your future 
Don't ever question if I got the heart to shoot ya 
The answer is simply too dark for the user 
And as a snot-nose they said that he got flows 
But will he be able to drop those before the cops close in? 
'Fore the shots froze him, and he's dead and gone 
from what the block has spoken, my God 
Everybody stressin, who's his baby's moms? 
Who he got pregnant, let me tell you, ahh... 
 
 [Chorus] 
When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin 
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? 
I need to know.. chicka-uh-ah, ah-chk-ah-uh-ah 
Chicka-ch-ah, chk-ah-ah-ah 
When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin 
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? 
I need to know.. gi-gi-gi, geah yeah uh, yeah yeah uh 
Yeah, yo, yo 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I seen my first murder in the hall, if you must know 
I lost my pops when I was eleven mmm twelve years old 
He's probably somewhere where the liquor is takin it's toll 
but I ain't mad at you dad, holla at your lad 
I grew up pushin snowflake to niggaz that was pro-base 
The stress'll take a young nigga, give him a old face 
All I did was smoke joke, think and drink 
Copped 'caine and complained, front row watch game 
I seen niggaz before me, with a chance to write they own script 
slip up and change the story 
I seen young niggaz go out in a blaze of glory 
before reachin puberty, scared a nigga truthfully 
I took trips with so much shit in the whip 
that if the cops pulled us over the dog'd get sick, SNIFF 
Smell me nigga? The real me nigga, minus the rumors 
Holla if you feel me nigga 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
The streets is not only watchin but they talkin now? 
Shit they got me circlin the block before I'm parkin now 
Don't get it twisted, I ain't bitchin, I'm just cautious now 
So, under the park the extra cartridge now 
Hit his click Sig' up you fell at it you're dense 
I get word to the street like Bell Atlantic express 
I feel the vibes and I hear the rumors 
But fuck it, I'm still alive and I'm still ?? ?? Allah 
Niggaz wanna press me, put my back to the wall 
But pressure bust pipes I know, I spat it to y'all 
To know me is to love me, you see me, can't be me, hate this 
Fuck you I got guns like Neo in +Matrix+ 
Cross the Family, think Mac's sweet like payroll 
or soft like Play-Doh get knocked off like Fredo 
Corleone, they find you with a hole in your dome 
I roll with niggaz that'll follow you and go to your home 
Thought you ball, but nigga you fall to my defense 
Catch you while you reachin, clip you then I cross you then I'm leavin 
Apply full court pressure 
like four-four ?? get you out of here, pull pressure 
to the trigger, bullets fly in three's 
You forever rest under bullshit, dirt lies and leaves 
I do bullshit, dirt, tell lies then leave 
Look in my eyes, realize it's Beans 
Niggaz wanna despise the team; till I play head coach 
and straight up, divide they team 
Trade they man for some pies and a couple of things 
Til the bullet.. ah, motherfuckers!! Yeah..[Jay-Z] 
Nah motherfucker 
Ge-ge-geah-geah 
Geah-geah-ge-ge-geah-geah 
Geah-geah-ge-ge-geah-geah 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
We be the R,O,C .. y'all get your dope from us 
We runs the R,O,C.. yeah, keep up niggaz, c'mon 
 
Aiyyo you niggaz talk a lot of nuthin, like you always God or sumthin 
Like you always shot at sumthin, niggaz never shot at nuthin 
Like you shotty sumthin, like you body sumthin 
nigga your body duckin is nuthin you're bluffin 
You niggaz talk shit like you draw quick 
but when the 4's grip, I floor quick; you, your man, your bullshit 
Your man bullshit? Might get him four quick 
All up in his fore shit; c'mon, stop the bullshit 
It's B Sig dog, straight in da league y'all 
Straight out da school yard Hoover, I schooled y'all 
Now school's out, lights out tools out 
You fools out c'mon y'all pick a new route 
while I pick the new flow, kick it to your new ho' 
to get next to your new dough 
Your new crack spot you know Mac steal crack to crack pot 
niggaz know I spit on every track hot 
 
 [Chorus: repeat 2X] 
It's the R, O, C, stop 
From Tower to ma'n'pop we move out the stop 
R,O,C, stop 
We shower your mom block and move out with glocks 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Uhh, yeah, uh-huh, yo this for my G's 
Yo yo 
Aiyyo, this for my G's, hoes, gangstas, foes 
niggaz who get dough rep for get lo 
I got cake (cake) weight (weight) shanks (shanks) 
eights (eights) bank (bank) bitch act straight 
I'm hot son 
 [Beans] Stop son they livin a lie duke 
You plot son I pop one still in the sky duke 
M to the A to the R-C-Y duke 
niggaz die here can't nothin revive you 
I'm still here niggaz see what I drive through 
Sittin on dubs with screens inside too 
I'm simply street, I'm Memphis Bleek 
Catch me with them green jars in the tinted jeep 
On, B-L-A-D's I get C-L-A-P's 
Catch me not givin a fuck I'm on these LA Trees 
One for Sigel Sigel, two for the Jigga and 
Three for Amil-lion and four for Memph Man 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Aiyyo you shouldn't have been talkin that like you was walkin that 
And Mac with this mac .. 
and let off fifty shots where you be walkin at 
Where your apartment at 
You fuck around and have me creepin in the dark where you be often at 
or where you be.. creepin at 
Where your birds be.. shh 
Oops mean (chirpin at) damn I'm hurtin that 
Workin that spittin that shit like that's on purpose 
That's, some freestyle shit, I don't know 
Hey playboy take that back a bit 
Yo you shouldn't have been talkin that like you was walkin that 
and Mac with this mac .. 
and let off fifty shots where you be walkin at 
Where your apartment at 
You fuck around have me creepin in the dark where you be often at 
or where you be.. creepin at, sleepin at 
Where your birds be, cheepin at 
Oops mean chirpin that, damn I be workin that 
Hurtin that, aiyyo playboy (?) that 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Outro] 
R,O,C, stop 
R,O,C.. mom block and move out with glocks 
Uhh uhh, geah, uh-huh-uh-uh 
Uh-huh-uh-uh, y'all can't fuck with us 
Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us 
Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us 
Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us [fades out][Jay-Z] 
Geah.. whassup? 
Where's all my street niggaz, project niggaz 
Real niggaz, worldwide 
Let's reflect.. e'rybody got a story 
We all ghetto B - here's mine 
Geah 
 
See I was -- born in sewage, born to make bomb music 
Flow tight like I was born Jewish 
Used the streets as a conduit - I kept arms 
38 longs inside my mom's Buick 
At any given moment Shawn could lose it, be on the news 
Iron cuffs - arms through it; or stuffed with embalmin fluid 
Shit, I'm goin through it - mom dukes too 
Tears streamin down her pretty face, she got her palms to it 
My life is gettin too wild 
I need to bring some sort kinda calm to it 
Bout to lose it; voices screamin "Don't do it!" 
It's like '93, '94, bout the year 
that Big and Mag dropped; and "Illmatic" rocked 
outta every rag drop, and the West had it locked 
Everybody doin 'em, I'm still scratchin on the block 
like "Damn; I'ma be a failure" 
Surrounded by thugs, drugs, and drug - paraphenalia 
Cops courts, and their thoughts is to derail us 
Three time felons in shorts with jealous thoughts 
Tryin figure where your mail is, guesstimate the weight you sellin 
So they can send shots straight to your melon; wait! 
It gets worse, baby momma water burst 
Baby came out stillborn, still I gotta move on 
Though my heart still torn, life gone from her womb 
Don't worry, if it was meant to be, it'll be -- soon 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
This can't be life, this can't be love 
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us 
This can't be life, this can't be love 
This can't be right, there's gotta be more, this can't be us 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Chill dog 
Second oldest born, from Michelle Brown my mother 
Hell bound, grew with two sisters and one brother 
Pop wasn't around, so many stories that's another 
I'm thinkin damn; how my older sister gon' make me tougher 
When steel sharpens steel, I'ma keep it real 
I'm tired of tryin to hide my pain behind the syrups and pills 
Dead to the world, stretched out like a corpse for real 
Y'all niggaz thinkin what y'all readin in The Source is real 
What my life like, you lookin at the source, it's real 
What your life like? Mine dog, of course it's real 
Passin judgment, you niggaz second-guessin Beans 
Cause you don't eat swine don't make you Amin 
Dog you know a couple suras, out the Qur'an 
I guess you all on your din and I ain't on mine 
Stop that Akki, 'fore I send shots though your body 
Make 'em feel feel hell on earth before Allah drop thee 
I feel the line's drawn here, nuttin more can stop me 
Till them feds pick me up, or them boys pop me 
There's only three things that make Mac not act like Beans 
Amatullah Tisha, Po Aldin, Samir Amin 
My seeds dog, gotta teach 'em that before I leave dog 
Shit I know that I'ma see 'em when I leave dog 
I come back in the afterlife 
Like fuck it I done touched hell twice; what's the meanin? 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Scarface] 
Yeah.. uhh.. 
Now as I walk into the studio, to do this with Jig' 
I got a phone call from one of my nigs 
Said my homeboy Reek, he just lost one of his kids 
And when I heard that I just broke into tears 
And see in the second hand; you don't really know how this is 
But when it hits that close to home you feel the pain at the crib 
So I called mine, and saddened my wife with the bad news 
Now we both depressed, countin our blessings cause Brad's two 
Prayin for young souls to laugh atlife through the stars 
Lovin your kids just like you was ours 
And I'm hurtin for you dog; but ain't nobody pain is like yours 
I just know that heaven'll open these doors 
And ain't no bright side to losin lifel; but you can view it like this 
God's got open hands homey, he in the midst.. of good company 
Who loves all and hates not one 
And one day you gon' be wit your son 
I could've rapped about my hard times on this song 
But heaven knows I woulda been wrong 
I wouldn'ta been right, it wouldn'ta been love 
It wouldn'ta been life, it wouldn'ta been us 
This can't be life 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
This can't be life..[Beanie Sigel] 
Damn how am I gonna say this shit? 
hey... hey dad, yeah it's your boy 
remember me? I wanna talk to you scrap 
 
I remember being kicked out the house 
'cause I looked just like you 
Said I'd be nothing but a crook 
just like you 
The niggaz in the hood was shook 
Where the just like you 
'Cause all they said was little whitey look 
I'm just like you 
But dog I can't see it at all, shit 
We never kicked it at all 
We never pitched or kicked at a ball 
dog, you never taught me shit 
how to fight, ride a bike, fix a flat 
none of that sorts of shit 
Nigga you was an abusive pops 
fuck you left me out to dry, stuck 
gotta teach news to box 
gotta teach news to bop 
and that aint the half of it man 
I gotta teach news to block 
It's about time we have a father to son (nigga sit down) 
sit down let me tell you 'bout your fatherless sons 
how they grew to be men and father they sons 
father they daughters 
nigga, you left a fatherless daughter 
I never follow your orders 
nigga you make me sick 
pussy you could....ooh 
how you gonna leave these memories in the back of my mind 
I can see it clear as day you smackin my mom 
I 'member that day you showed me that gat, that 9 
put it in my palm when I was young 
and said that would be mine, you turned me out 
the reason why I hit the block 
reason why I tried to hit them cops 
reason why I started hittin shots 
reason why I started gettin licked 
and drinkin syrup and skippin court 
ginger bread man never think of gettin caught 
look at your hand man damn you fought 
nigga you left my mom 
left us with no good-bye's 
you left us out to dry 
you left us with no letters, notes, (nothing!) no replies 
no digits numbers was unlisted 
you left us with some of my loneliest night 
nigga some of my hungriest nights 
shit, one of the reasons for years (shit embarrasin) 
damn we used to think money was white 
yeah you gave us life like, fruit from a plant 
we aint eat right from them foods from them stamps 
and to think you was my pop, 
man i gotta stop shit 
 
 [CHORUS] 
 [Female:] Daddy, Where Have You Been? 
 [Beanie:] And when you come home, you got us here all alone 
 [Female:] Mommy, Where Daddy Went? 
 [Beanie:] You always stick up for him 
Always said you'd make up for him 
 [Female:] Mommy, What Happened Then? 
 [Beanie:] What was you cheatin on him? 
Why he's always beatin' on you? 
 [Female:] Daddy, Where Have You Been? 
 [Beanie:] Nigga, you gonna hear me out 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I wanted to walk just like him (remember?) 
wanted to talk just like him (word) 
often momma said I look too much 
and I thought just like him (it could happen) 
wanted to drink Miller nips 
and smoke Newports just like you 
but you left me, now I'm goin to court just like you 
I would say "my daddy loves me and he'll never go away" 
bullshit, do you even remember December's my birthday? 
do you even remember the tender boy 
you turned into a cold young man 
with one goal and one plan 
get mommy out of some jam, she was always in one 
always short with the income 
always late with the rent 
You said that you was comin through 
I would stay in the hallway (waitin) 
always playin the bench (waitin) 
and that day came and went 
Fuck You! very much you showed me the worst kind of pain 
but I'm stronger and trust me I will never hurt again 
will never ask mommy "why daddy don't love me? 
Why is we so poor?, why is life so ugly? 
Mommy why is your eyes puffy?" 
please don't cry everything'll be alright 
I know it's dark now, but we gon' see the light 
It's us against the world 
we don't need him, right? (right) 
mommy drivin 6's now (yeah), I got riches now (yeah) 
I bought I nice home for both of my sisters now 
we doin real good 
we don't miss you now 
see how life twists around, fucker? 
 
 [CHORUS] 
 
 [fade out... sound of staticky LP turning][Jay-Z] 
Told y'all... Dynasty... Roc-A-Fella Records, you heard me? 
Unstoppable, niggaz! Uhh 
Memph Bleek.. Amil-lion.. Sigel Sigel ya heard? 
It's a Dynasty! Who do you believe? 
 
Jigga Man, mo' better, mo' cheddar 
Foes knock the man off your Polo sweater 
Roll with the R-O-C, A-Fella 
Remember me? The teachers used to fail us 
Now it's mo' scrilla, hoe killers 
Fo'-wheelers, we - gorillas 
Oh please feel us - we heat holders 
Fightin? Listen boy, Roy Jones couldn't still us 
The plot thickens, the block clickin 
We got the game tied up, stop trippin 
Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Memph Bleek what? Amil-lion, uhh 
Cat be him, El Cap-i-tan 
The fire I spit burn down Happyland 
Social Club, we unapproachable thugs 
Non-social, gone postal 
Great aim, harm the arm close to your toast 
like a Don's supposed to, Shawn 
I thought I told you, these ain't just vocals 
Don't make me take it to the old school 
I put holes through your hoes too 
through your clothes to the foes to the nigga close to you 
Fuck it; Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Amil-lion what? Memph Bleek.. 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Y'all dudes don't - get it, come widdit 
Fifth loaded with slugs that'll rest in your fitted 
It's M dot E-M, the Roc be them 
Got the mamis sayin look, who can stop be them? 
You wan' press your dumb luck, get blam blam-ed up 
I crush your larynx, you talk 'bout us nigga 
No obituary, I get it critical 
You know Memph'll hit the pall bearer liftin you 
When I cock the plastic, make 'em drop the casket 
When it's hot, I'm blastin, it's the Roc, you bastards 
Jigga Man what? Amil-lion yeah 
Memph Bleek huh? Sigel Sigel c'mon 
Spit acid, c'mon 
Witcha bullshit smash hit, get your bullshit smashed in 
Niggaz wanna front and get jumped 
Bet the ruger give your right side a nice-sized lump 
Nigga, we are, the supreme squad 
You can dream hard but reality is 
we push the dream cars, fuck the queen broads 
puff the green raw, we as real as it get 
We the R-O-C dot A dot Fellas 
Bitches don't talk to us, the hoes they e-mail us 
Nigga, Jigga Man what? Memph Bleek huh? 
Amil-lion yeah, Sigel Sigel rap 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
R (dot) O (dot) C (dot) stop 
From tower to mind pop, I move out stop 
Shower your mind block, move out with glocks 
Raw to the cook, look, move out them blocks 
Take it to the bucks who be grindin it up 
Usually take it to the dubs so they diamond it up 
Competition, linin 'em up 
Forty-five ACP, let me squeeze lime 'em up 
You want, drama what? Well silence it up 
Since a young buck, violent as fuck 
Wettin me dog, the high will do it; I used to wild off embalmin fluid 
I send niggaz to the trauma unit 
Forty-five or the nine'll do it 
I fuck around and have your moms go through it - I'm a beast! 
Shit, niggaz always wanna ye shit, then they wanna cease shit 
when they motherfuckin peeps hit 
But I don't cease nuttin, I decease som'un 
I fuck around and have you sleepin underneath som'un 
Jigga Man what? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Memph Bleek uh, Amil-lion right 
 
 [Amil] 
Yo, A to the M-I, feminist 
Holdin the semi, leave niggaz faced with a dilemmi 
Am I, gon' run or stay, can I 
get away no you can't can't I surrendi? 
And I, lazy bop, Mercedes hot 
In my way through the tunnel like Lady Di 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Memph Bleek what? Amil-lion uhh[Chorus (R. Kelly):] 
Big chips! (Woo!) We off in Vegas drinking and partying 
We got chicks in swimsuits modeling 
We in the twin stretch Maybachs dipping low 
The way the wrist shine it's so magical 
You know them boys got the clubs out of control (Ho!) 
Nigga what you heard it's Kells and Hov 
With the second coming of Best Of Both 
In the first week I predict a million sold, we talking... 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z (R. Kelly)] 
Big chips! Big trips to Vegas nigga 
Big cribs and the whips is spacious (Uh huh) 
Any day they could dig your grave 
Shit, so big is my inspiration, dig 
No reward that's the risk is taken 
In which case you niggas wouldn't wanna switch places 
I on the other hand relish the situation 
Thank the Lord for the gift, I'm gracious 
I went overboard, look at this big bracelet 
I overhauled it you wouldn't recognize it 
From the time that I bought it I just replaced it 
I risk cases for shit like this, nigga I pray for some shit like this 
Word to my Uncle Ray, who gave us life for some shit like this 
Ma you rolling I'm as real as it gets 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 2: R. Kelly] 
Big chips! I can't take this 
The way you move your ass slow like Matrix 
You make me wanna toss chips in Vegas 
Before I toss chips first, get naked 
I can't fake it, girl you got the club shut down when you freak it 
Superstar honey, so mean and vicious 
Got a lot and coming, I'm so mean and vicious 
Bark bark farmer, this chicken laying platinum ex-farmer (preach!) 
So go low mama, give it a go 
As I punch 170 on stretch roads, must turn up the radio! 
Girl you so good I'm swerving like whoa! whoa! 
Uh oh! Uh uh oh! From the club to the stretch 
Out the stretch to the Hotel, into the hotel suite! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
Big chips! I'm a boss I said 
Tilt my hat and I cross my legs 
Like old ladies at the park, I toss my bread 
And the pigeons start flocking, balling like Bishop Loughlin 
And stick Cochran on any DA, to try to stop him 
So any gunplay that is an option 
I been doing this since niggas was woppin 
Rocking Izods with the matching socks, and 
Slap boxing in the back park and when the girls start watching 
Try to get real, you had to drop 'em 
See I ain't never been a fronter 
Or fake it till I make it tight nigga ma I don't want you number 
Either you're coming or I one you 
Either you know what you want ma, I don't even want you 
You play pretty if you wanna 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Bridge: R. Kelly] 
All around the world, stop where the sun sets 
Spending big chips you wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
You wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
Say we goin around the world, stop where the sun sets 
Spending big chips you wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
Do you wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
 
 [Outro: R. Kelly] 
Uh, come on, Tone, I see you, Jigga, Kells, uh, yeah, Track Masters 
What's really good, we're in the islands chilling in the shade and shit you know 
Blue waters, yellow sand, uh 
Either I'm high or, I think I just saw a dolphin[R Kelly] 
Dear God, bring our P-O-Ws home 
And our brothers on lockdown, home 
AMEN!!! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
JEAH !!! Back blocked on everybody laptop 
(HOV) Hittin' niggas from da shower, hold a note like da guy who said da British is comin' 
(KELL) Oh yeah da niggas is comin' get out ya good dishes or somethin' like it's Thanksgiving 
(HOV) And non other than da "R" and without further a due like Freddy get ready it's ..... 
 
 [R Kelly] 
Whatever happen Lord, dont pass me by 
Cause whenever I did wrong it was ya name I cried 
I heard you forgave over and over again 
But when I found out I love you, you became ammune to my sins 
Laid wide awake in da middle of my sleep (I see dead people) 
And sometimes it's me Lord 
I never wanted to be a thug father 
I only wanted to be a son of a father 
That's how it sounds inside, worse than da war in Iraq, when it's me against I 
I gave up da weed and somehow Im still high 
Three years still seein' them three guys Lord (Whoo) 
Sometimes I dont know what you want from me, but I do know you know what I want from you 
(Give it to me) 
(Come on) Take away this Hennessey, take away me runnin' da streets 
Stop people from rapin' me, take away all this jealously and prejudicy 
Lord you said it was better place, I grew up around pimps, hustlers, hoes and project gates 
Its HARD TO BELIEVE in what I cant see 
I got to get this money and feed my family 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Whatever in me guides my life, dear Lord Dont Let Me Die tonight 
But if I shall before I wake, what shall I say 
Its been a good run from hoodlum to outin' da states 
How could one who made so much foul mistakes, still be allowed to have a smile on my face 
How whatever da case Im glad it wasnt murder, in a town you never heard of 
From a nickel plated burner 
Now my life straight like a perm, tried to take da spot I earn 
Muthafucka better learn 
 
 [Chorus] 
(Its HOV) Back blocked on everybody laptop 
(KELL) Hit niggas from da shower, hold a note like da guy who said da British is comin' 
(HOV) Oh yeah da niggas is comin get out ya good dishes or somethin' like its Thanksgiving 
(KELL) And non other than da "R" and without further a due like Freddy get ready 
 
 [R Kelly] 
Lord hear me out, got a few more things to say 
These demons be chasin' me like everyday (Come here) 
Nah my life on crutches, never say I never walk again 
But da devil is a lie cause I believe within' 
You're da reason that Im still here, even though I dont act like it 
Even though I hear my callin' and fight it 
Fools do me so wrong, its hard to stay righteous 
Pimpin was allowed to happen I'll hide it 
Believe me Lord I want you, got money and fame but still it just wont do 
Sometimes I dont like who I am, when I look in da mirror my reflection is Uncle Sam (Uncle Sam) 
And every night I have these weird dreams, that a preacher trapped inside of me wake up and cant 
breathe 
I feel like its twenty of me, goin' twenty different directions on a one way street Lord 
I got houses, money and cars, and met every single superstar 
I got da whole music industry sold, but it still dont matter ....... 
 
 [R Kelly & Jay-Z] 
When Im gone and my casket closed!!! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Whatever in me guides my life, dear Lord Dont Let Me Die tonight 
But if I shall before I wake, I'd accept my fate 
I did what I did my heart was in da right place (Ohhh) 
I guess so I can live it put food on my plate 
You must still love me not to let it in by three that day 
Well whatever da case Im glad it wasnt murder, in a town you never heard of 
From a nickel plated burner 
I guess Im not finished wit my journey, please forgive me for my sins 
Shit Im still tryna learn me 
 
 [Chorus] 
(HOV) From da back block on everybody laptop 
(KELL) Hit niggas from da shower, hold a note like da guy who said da British was comin' 
(HOV) Oh yeah da niggas is comin get out ya good dishes or somethin' like its Thanksgiving 
(KELL) And non other than da "R" and without further a due like Freddy get ready 
 
 [Bridge] 
 [(R Kelly) Jay-Z] 
Many men (Whoo) have come and gone in these streets (Feel Me) 
Walked alone in these streets (Ohhh) waitin' to hear from you (Come on Lord) 
Oh Lord,(Whoo)wrap your arms (Wrap your arms around us God)around da hood 
(Lift every peace from war, bring our soldiers home, Let us pray)[Jay-Z] 
Everything ain't hardcore you know 
I can't sing but my man 
I'ma let my man smooth that thang out for you 
You know, take the edge off, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
All my sexy ladies throw ya hands up high 
And all my real playas throw ya hands up high 
And just keep on bouncin' while I take you on a ride 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
It's like your body's on radio I'm feelin' you in stereo 
Put me in your cd player I'm gonna hit it nice and slow 
Baby I'm your hot mix bumpin' in your cherry Lex 
Checkin' out your widescreen while your hands up on the headrest 
 
 [Verse 1: R. Kelly] 
I'm, in the studio thinkin' about my next hit song 
Tryin' to come up with a melody that will turn you on 
On the MPC3000 tryin' to come up with beats 
That'll make come on over here and lay down here with me 
I'm searchin' for that special mind blowin' melody 
And it's gotta be sexy so I'll think it through carefully 
It's like I'm tryin' to tune it, to ya station babe 
Try to get you to play, this record babe 
Every time I hear this track girl I think about me and you 
In the Maybach doin' what we do 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 2: R. Kelly] 
Um, now I know a few friends of mine that has made love to this record 
So when you're in the mood call the station, request this record 
She walks in the room, says "'Ly I can't breathe" 
As I try to catch my breath and proceed 
Lookin' at yo' sexy smile, while I put my vocals down 
Girl you have made this song a hit in each and every town 
You a sexy melody with a touch of freakin' harmony 
Such a perfect chemistry 
Girl we deserve a Grammy, or Soul Train 
Billboard, MTV or BET award 
Rollin' like we on a tour 
Ooh the way you put it down girl I can't take it 
Sex was so good girl we've got to do the remix 
'Cause girl you a mix master 
When it comes to pumpin' you such a ghetto blaster 
It's such a hit that I gotta bootleg it, yeah 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
A melody is the chemistry, the way we click 
It's like four part harmony and all that shit 
Your waistline is the bassline, I ride that shit 
Strung off your treble and I'm high as shit 
We made love in the studio when we got together over and over again like a loop 
Damn I'm missin' you, it's hard to listen to 
all these different dudes, huggin' and kissin' you, fuck! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Yeah, I'm feelin' you in stereo 
Aw yeah, aw yeah, yeah[Jay-Z] 
That nigga let his fuckin flow go 
Niggaz tryin to switch up the flows on niggaz 
Hit niggaz, slip niggaz with a micky 
Drop that joint 
 
Yeah yeah (it's the remix y'all) 
Like a muh'fucker (oh yeah) 
Whassup my nigga (and still hot up in that boy, ain't it man) 
(Yo Jay, Kel, fin' ta set it off for y'all) 
C'mon 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
It's, the, remix 
TrackMaster remix y'all, Kels and Jigga 
Big chips with Twista y'all, get this money 
 
 [Twista] 
I, heard the ballers when I pulled up to the club 
Cause I'm rollin up on fo' flickers 
Peanut-butter interior, black body 
And in case you didn't know, I be the Twista 
Hundred bombs in my pockets, put your ones up 
I hear some niggaz lookin at me for the come up 
Try to creep creep, I pull a gun up 
I put a hole in the first nigga that run up 
The ballers be Jay, R, and T 
Spit it cold cause the music is a part of me 
Can't nobody spit it fast as me 
Got an academy of haters comin after me 
I know I got what you want, I know I got what you need 
Come and mob to the top before you get, this, money 
 
Pull up on the block in the alien gray Bentley 
Full of sport modes, you never could hang with me 
Just to get in early, I paid a extra 50 
Gettin that money my nigga 
Oh-five Chrysler, trees for the blunts 
Three hoes in the back, two fiends in the front 
Twenty-two inch shoes, CV's in the trunk 
Gettin that money my nigga 
Makin dough off a style I be the best in 
Glad to be down with these two livin legends 
Now let me see which league I'ma invest in 
Gettin that money my nigga 
Rollin this cheer, put the niggaz in fear 
Makin bitches shed tears, take a look at my career 
Now the shit's swell; when I get up to 70 in the Coupe 
Peep the wing when I hope out the tail - tell 'em Kel 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
We off up in the club, we got our hands up 
Drinks in the club because we gettin that money my nigga 
We rollin 24's, open them Bentley do's 
Got plenty hoes because we gettin that money my nigga 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Pull up to the club, chicks in the back 
Some smokin on weed, some sippin Co-gnac 
Into the club, whole crew to the back 
Super the stars make it sharp as a tack 
Gotta have my forty-five inch in it 
In the house, from the gate, twenty minutes 
Game over and I'm still not finished 
I play haters like V play tennis 
Livin like a motherfuckin Richie Rich nigga 
Got a butler for my Maybach nigga 
White linen, smokin ci-gar 
Lyrics like bullets, tongue like a trigger 
Feelin on your booty 
Tryin to get one of these nice ladies 
to come up to my room and do, me 
Have her man like who's, he 
Was a pimp at birth, first ho was a nurse 
And I'ma be a pimp 'til I'm stretches in a hearse 
Sometimes showbiz is the worst 
I'm blessed with "The Gift & The Curse," whoa 
Shoot ball, now I'm off to the spa 
Fresh and clean, now I'm off in the car 
Got a date with a superstar 
We take lunch, now twelve o'clock 
Hit the mall bout two o'clock 
In the movies bout five o'clock 
Seven o'clock 'til nine o'clock 
we in my crib, my bed, goin non-stop 
This for my project niggaz, widebody Mo' sippers 
Pimps hustlers herb flippers, get, this, money 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Gettin this money switchin my whips and my kicks 
Like I'm just addicted to difference you pick what you want from me 
To be a, lame with visions of riches, enter my brain 
Like I picture myself in deep dishes, just switchin lanes 
It's just insane, is it? I'm from the district where niggaz 
either in prison or pay visits like in-laws 
So we fend for ourself, and the wealth is in raw 
We can't help but been lost, what else gon' make that engine roar? 
Lay back in 745, big boy cars, that's all we drive 
Into the club we get all the eyes when you gettin that money my nigga 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
TrackMaster remix y'all, Kels and Jigga 
Big chips with Twista y'all, get this money 
 
 [ad libs to fade]Uhh, y'all know what this is 
Now would be a good time to start bobbin your heads 
Kels, and it, and it, uhh 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Excuse me miss, don't mean to interrupt 
But you're the hottest chick in this club 
The way you shake your ass to this beat 
It's like your booty got dancin feet 
I wanna take you home, in my Hummer Jeep 
All over me while you ridin the beep beep 
I just really wanna taste your ice cream 
It's the weekend baby I got the {?} 
Go on girl, the way you do me 
This is somethin like a fantasy 
You're that girl from the magazine 
BET, or, MTV 
So baby let me take you to my ecstasy 
Pull up to the club on them 23's 
Girl you've got that shit in your hip 
that make me wanna spend, money 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Pretty girls (where you at) 
I'm talkin to the ones, that came alone 
Pretty girls (put your hands up) 
The single ones, we wanna take you home - c'mon 
Pretty girls... (you make me wanna shout) 
Let's, go! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Whether you tall like Lisa Leslie 
Or short like the barrel on that baby 380 
Pretty lady, I got a ride to fit yo' frame 
From the Coupe to the big Mercedes 
{?}, these groundhogs stay with the cash 
And the black card don't got no max 
Fall, back, blow on some Merikesh hash 
With more Manolos than Sarah Jess' had 
How you gon' go back to dudes with little sacks 
Little kiddie chromes in they itty bitty homes 
Fuckin up your lungs, puffin that homegrown 
You should be with us, cuttin in Hong Kong 
Straight shots of Catron or Dom Perignon 
Guys your girls say Shawn very long 
So if you ain't afraid of catchin a love jones 
Get with Coach Dean Smith, bitch get in the zone, c'mon 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Tell me what you're drinkin at the bar ma 
I'm gonna buy ma, anybody tell you youse a star ma 
You remind me of my car ma, no ignition 
I start the Coupe up from the kitchen 
My pretty girls get plenty attention 
When it come to sex get plenty of inches 
We shop, like we all broke detention 
Club like we at a alcoholic's convention 
Hit the 'tel with two chicks and she with it 
Mama got down like the flo' when she did it 
Pretty girls, keep shakin ass now mama 
This party is not over 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
What's your name, what city you represent ma 
Where the hands on all the pretty girls ma 
For the players and the hustlers in the club now 
And all my niggaz that be sippin pimp juice now 
 
 [Chorus][R. Kelly] 
Fellas, a few tips, when you're in the club 
You must watch your girl, because she may end up with me 
 
 [R. Kelly + (Jay-Z)] 
TrackMasters (uhh... turn the music up) 
Rock Land 
Hova (woo! yess, yess) 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Now somebody's girl is in my mansion 
Shakin that ass to this 
And somebody's girl is in my hot tub 
Drinkin that glass of Crist' 
And somebody's girl is in my bedroom 
And man she's a superfreak 
And somebody's girl is leavin my crib 
Now on to the next booty 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Ummmmmmmmm, I don't mean no harm 
But your boy got the magic stick, the Don Juan 
Bishop, chicks'll dissapear in thin air 
like mist or some shit like this I swear 
I take handcuffs off misses, I pick locks wicked 
I catch your eye cause my tick-tock's frigid 
My necklace glisten, all reckless chicks is 
eyeballin, yeah, and I caught 'em like perfect pitches 
Call me Mike Piazza 
Once I get 'em in, my fly casa 
It's hot tubs, heated pools and no rules 
Call your old dude and tell him he old news 
Tell that fella you feel like Cinderella 
With both shoes and it's almost two 
Fuck a storybook endin, we bendin the rules 
This is somebody's girl part two, now move 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Uhh, let me at it 
Somebody's girl is sittin in my lap 
Whisper two words and we both break out 
My Maybach seats is just as big as a couch 
Not the same girl now that the mic's at your mouth 
Oh that's gettin nasty, let's get naughty 
Rollin around like a fo'-wheel afterparty 
We stop at a red light, there go your girls an' 'em 
Now we got the green light, driver follow them (let's go) 
You're rotatin with a guy that spend money like the world spin 'round 
First guy to ever put the singin rap down 
Say the name Kels and these chicks spellbound 
Because these chicks know I put the "12Play" down 
I gotta have it, I just can't stop limpin 
Maybe because I just can't stop pimpin 
No matter what I do, I can't stop leanin 
When the fresh Prada's on and the sun is shinin 
Girls it's your boyfriend 
With that remix that keeps you clubbin 
Dis collabo' crack got you fiendin 
The industry kings and the rest is dreamin 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
The moral of the tale, if you love your tail 
Treat her well, keep her 'way from Hov' and Kel' 
Because we can't stop pimpin 
We put it on her 'til she can't stop limpin 
She'll be a goner, you can play tough guy on the corner 
I smoothe her out in the sauna 
Yeah, I blew it out in the Bahamas, yeah 
Your lil' mama got a stellar arm 
We got it on like a telethon 
Mr. Roc-A-Fella, gone 
 
 [Chorus][Intro: Tone (R. Kelly)] 
Yo, Duro, tell Rob to hurry up back in the booth, man 
We got the Track joint 
Yo, this Tone the referee, while I got your attention 
I gotta we set out to bring you the best possible heat 
For your two step, me, Jigga and Kells 
You know, so y'all just enjoy, aight 
Yo, Rob you there? (Yeah) Your mic sound nice (uh-huh uh-huh) 
You first to blow (yeah) Ight, you ready to blow (uh-huh) 
Aight, let's go 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
Jigga, I'm about to put the shit down 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
I'm about to, make these niggaz get down 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
Guaranteed, these niggaz gonna feel us 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
Tone and Poke, blow the motherfuckin' speakers 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Grab a bottle, get two models 
Thugs at Apollo's, niggaz wanna follow 
I'm about to show you, how wild it gets 
That nigga Hov', is the craziest 
Stop at the club, bout a quarter to six 
With a bottle in my hand, yellin' "Bitch, I'm rich" 
Hey, y'all niggaz see me, I can't believe it 
You startin' to sound like, you don't want it 
Tony's on the drop, blue and yellow rocks 
He keep yellin', stop, Sisqo's album flopped 
What you wanna do, if you drinkin', I'm hangin' out with you 
Five, four, three, two, one 
Hang on y'all, let's have some fun 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
It's Young... uh, mack alone, I'm back in the zone 
I'm out they way, still these rappers won't leave me alone 
I can give a fuck what these rappers sayin' bout me 
That just let's me know, they can't go a day without me 
Scared of me succeading, that's the reason you doubt me 
Cuz if you ain't believe me, you wouldn't be thinkin' bout me 
Sorta how like you, never crossed my mind 
Until you crossed the line, stop... 
Then I gotta come accross a rhyme 
To let the world know you come across a mime 
I do so much sauce with lines, with someone who saws my climb 
From Marcy to party, where you soakin' up blue nine 
Prude, am I, got a du-lema, I'm a dude from the hood 
Who loves jewels, who am I? 
You where placed in the same shoes, size 10/5 
With a sick view, of the place you grew, dude, can I 
Live, what I did, for this whole rap circus 
I open up more doors for y'all fuckers than car service 
Ya'll nervous, I ain't back yet 
I'm on extended vaca', I ain't unpack yet, stop worrying 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Five, four, three, two, one 
Hang on y'all, let's have some fun 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Foxy Brown] 
Shit, she back with the nigga inf dot 
Uh-oh, somebody better tell this broad 
I'm a nine year veteran, I'm back with my breathren 
I sware to god, it feel like '96 again 
Bitches snatchin' bags, see, they fuckin' with my shit again 
We bout to let them hammers pop 
In the 'Stuy, dudes, callin', you a problem, Fox' 
I got the automore pierre watch 
Butterscotch, GT, good toe on, three eight cock 
Ya'll ain't see this much love since they cried for 'Pac 
Since Big passed, or since Jay passed the Roc 
I'm in a clearport, full length mink in a G4 
Fuck I'm lookin' like rhyming for a hundred g's, for? 
No, I don't talk to media guys 
I don't chatter with the best, ain't no question whose the best 
Shawn and Kelly, Fox, best of both worlds, I see y'all 
Aiyo, Kel, nigga, holler at your peoples 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Five, four, three, two, one 
Hang on y'all, let's have some fun 
 
 [Chorus][Intro] 
Halt! Who goes there? 
It is I sire Tone from Brooklyn. 
Well, speak up man what is it? 
News from the East sire! THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS HAS RETURNED! 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z (R. Kelly)] 
Mirror, Mirror on the wall, who is the freshest of them all? 
I love em all but none of yall can fuck with the double suicide doors on that black phantom, 
Fuck em all 
We got hits like a 30 shot clip when we throw one in the air everybody hit the floor 
Holla atcha boy, boys, when we boys so we bringin out them toys 
Lane to lane on the dana danes 
We give you noise man when the year change we change, nigga we right here 
We can go bang for bang 
We can go clip for clip nigga chain for chain 
We can go bitch for bitch got a pretty young thing 
That I keep by my hip like my celly that ring, sing! 
(Me and Michelle at the hotel while Jay and Tone on the way to the after party got the ladies sayin 
OH! Best of Both Worlds) 
Best of Both Worlds and we rock the globe 
You knamsayin 
Ya boy H-O wit Kels we not playin 
Losers lose so when we does what we do we win 
Then win again like de ja vu 
Then we win again like MJ do 
Three-peat then retreat the waters thats blue 
Young scrappy this what grown men do lets move! 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly (2x)] 
In this arena, arena 
All we wanna see is them hands up, hands up 
This is for them hustling boys and girls 
Its the return of Best of Both Worlds 
(Nothin can hold us now!) 
 
 [Verse 2: R. Kelly] 
Now all the ladies love Kels cause Kels is fresh 
And plus Kels got superpimp cross his chest 
I got a phat gold chain and I drop top Lex 
And when im rollin thourhg ya hood I be causin wrecks 
Man Im a gigalo, Air Force Ones and fresh linen 
I be in the club while my chrome still spinnin 
Ladies line up in a single file line just to hit a ?? Ill sing em a few lines like (Me and 
Michelle at the hotel while Jay and Tone on the way to the after party got the ladies sayin OH! 
Best of Both Worlds!) 
Shuttin it down you knamean 
Kels and Jigga man bacl on the scene 
Step up in the club so fresh and so clean 
Ladies be like damn! BLING! BLING! BLING 
Hov rap and I SING! SING! SING 
H to the O and the R&B King, before we do a show its like CHING! CHING! CHING! 
So Lodi Dodi, we likes to party, we dont start fights we dont bother nobody 
The good news is haters we gat a lotta dough, bad news is its the return of Best of Both 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Bridge: R. Kelly] 
We on a world tour wit Jay and my man 
Goin each and everywhere wit the mic in our hand 
London, Paris, New York, D.C., Detroit, From Chi-Town to Cali 
We on a world tour wit Kels and ya man 
Goin each and everywhere wit the mic in our hand 
Philly, Jersey, Dallas, St. Louis, Miami 
Best of Both comin to ya city! 
 
 [Chorus]Uh, uhh, uh 
Uh, ah, now Hov's in the building, Hov's in the building 
Uh, uhh, uh 
Kels in the building, Kels in the building 
Uh, uhh, that's right 
Hov's in the building, Hov's in the building 
Uh what? Ho, ho 
Yo Kels in the building, Kels in the building 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
I'm in the building tonight, it's goin down my nigga 
Got a pocket full of cash and some 'dro my nigga 
Attitude like I don't give a fuck my nigga 
Probably the drunkest fool on the flo' my nigga 
One of the best that ever did this here, every year 
It's the #1 R&B singer this year 
But y'all know, still mo' money mo' problems 
Mo' niggaz, mo' chicks, mo' clubs, Mo' bottles 
One little note in your ear, and I gotcha 
Ladies call me the black Frank Sinatra 
Yeah a real pimp floss and the pimp be blingin 
It's just the same reason why a young pimp be leanin 
Hard liquor, couple sips, and I'm passin it 
Maybach so big you can dance in it 
Jigga lil' nigga fuckin with the baddest chicks 
Got your girl lookin at you like the maddest chick 
We goin 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
ho-ohh, ohh-oh 
We got everybody up in the club, hands high 
goin ho-ohh, ohh-oh 
We got players, ballers, hustlers and they back 
goin ho-ohh, ohh-oh 
We got all of the pretty girls left in the city 
goin ho-ohh, ohh-oh 
We got 'em goin, we got 'em goin 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yo yeah it's the boy Hov', yeah I blow O's 
Circles around competition, not an Optimo 
To sit low, in a six-oh, oh 
Solo, on lo-lo's, fuck po'-po's 
Take a pho-to, last time you see a nigga so cold 
So be-low zero, so froze 
So-so rappers are so sore, hate his soul 
It ain't my fault I'm so rock'n'roll 
I'm just Hov' 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Geah, it's the kid from the Stuy, and I stay high 
In my A-O-L-A blowin lah lah lah 
Goodbye, I see you chumps on top 
Or on the highway in somethin that ends with I 
Like I, 745, I 
Or the F-E-double-R-the-A-R-I 
AR-15 to spray y'all guys 
You die (you die) goodbye (goodbye) 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
From New York to Chi, we blow like hy-dro 
Blow out live shows without py-ro 
See how I combined the I-O flow 
Tone'll rep, Memph Bleek, Kels and Hov' 
 
 [Jay and Bleek alternate words] 
Bottles, models, follow, to the hotter 
way we play like it's no day tomorrow 
Spendin my dough like I just hit the lotto 
Bounce, park and stop shall not wake I'm straight safe 
 
 [Chorus][Jay-Z] Uh-huh 
 [$hort] That's right 
 [Jay-Z] Uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago 
 [$hort] Last week I had everything 
 [Jay-Z] Uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago 
 [$hort] I had the money.. had the cars, the bitches 
 [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago 
 [$hort] and the jewelry.. 
and then my motherfuckin niggaz started snitchin 
 [Jay-Z] Uh-huh, uh uh, yo 
 [$hort] Beyotch! 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
Growin up in the hood just my dog and me 
We used to hustle in the hood for, all to see 
Problems, I called on him, he called on me 
We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P 
Met him unlocked doors, off my keys 
Yeah we spoke, much more than cordially 
Man he broke bread with me, my business spreads with me 
The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly 
Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me 
Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed 
Used to call me from the joint til he ran out of change 
And when he called collect and I heard his name 
I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone 
he's talkin reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone 
I said, "Damn dawg, what, nine weeks and you're home?" 
He said, "Main man, you think shit's sweet cause you're home." 
I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone 
The crackers up there bleachin your dome, you're reachin 
I said, "The world don't stop I've got to keep keep on." 
From there I sensed the beef was on 
I ran to the spot, store to add some more features to my phone 
To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone 
Can't be too safe cause niggaz is two-faced 
And they show the other side when they catch a new case 
It's on 
 
 [Chorus: Too $hort, Jay-Z] 
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke 
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks 
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked 
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago) 
 
Funny what, seven days can change 
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim 
Used to have a firm grip now you droppin names 
Uh-huh, uh-huh (It was all good just a week ago) 
 
 [Verse Two: Jay-Z] 
Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell 
We both came in this game, blind as hell 
I did a little better, had more clientele 
Told you put away some cheddar now you cryin for bail 
Seventeen and I'm holdin on to around a mill 
I could bail out and blow trial and come around on the pill 
Had niggaz thinkin I was from Uptown for real 
I had so much hustle plus I was down to ill 
Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville 
Down and dirty, down to fight the round thirty 
Freezin on them corners still holdin my crack 
Lookin up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at? 
Came from flat broke to lettin the dough stack 
You tell them feds I said I'm never goin back 
I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats 
You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three: Jay-Z] 
The lawyer I retained you said you leakin some things 
All this after a week in the bang 
I'm mad at myself cause I didn't spot the weak and lame 
I woulda bet the house you wouldn't speak a thang 
Nigga this was the oath, to the top of broke 
Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us 
we sposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that? 
Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor 
Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry 
That's right, the same game that make you mad could make you die 
It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap 
Who woulda thought you'd get popped one time and rap? 
Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad 
and your son gotta grow up like, "This is my dad?" 
The labelling of a snitch is a lifetime scar 
You'll always be in jail nigga, just minus the bars 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Too $hort] 
Shit is crazy man 
All these niggaz out here snitchin 
We was one step away from takin this crack money 
and recyclin it through the ghettoes 
and buildin back up our own hoods 
Now all you niggaz start snitchin on each other 
I got partners doin 15-20 
Wouldn'ta been doin SHIT 
if you didn't snitch 
Beyotch! 
It's about time y'all check that shit out man 
It ain't all good 
Shut your mouth 
Just watch the game 
And don't snitch 
It sure will do a lot for you 
Believe that baby 
Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house main 
You know I got it 
Got it goin on 
We got the money 
Ain't got nuthin to do with crime baby 
But I'm recognizing 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You rat bastard![Jay-Z] 
Come on...life...death...here...gone...Yo 
 
If I should die don't cry my niggas 
just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas 
And when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas 
get on my niggas when it's real 
say word to Shawn my niggas 
If I should die [echoes] 
 
Don't cry my niggas it's been one hell of a ride my niggas 
in the middle of the trial I flip pies my niggas 
I did joints with Mary J. Blige my niggas 
I've eluded the coppers got booted with Big Poppa 
Skated through with the Ceasar Picadas 
At high school got head by the lockers 
gassed the baddest girl in the class to show me her knockers 
rocked jewels dropped school still didn't fail 
rhymes still written well hold court in the street 
never sit in the cell for a second then I'm gettin' my bail 
shoot it out with the bounty hunters fuck 
sittin' in the county for summers if they should down me 
everybody around us become one for that day 
to live life get your shit right & play 
Don't get it twisted like rays if I miss that's ok 
but life's short don't miss a day uhh 
 
If I should die don't cry my niggas 
just ride my niggas bust bullets in the sky my niggas 
and when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas 
get on my niggas when it's real 
say word to Shawn my niggas 
If I should die... 
 
 [Wais] 
...don't cry my niggas 
it's been one hell of a ride my niggas 
say word to Wais my niggas 
when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas 
just keep gettin' it on my niggas 
say word is bond my niggas 
 
I got a lot to look back on in '88 
got my crack on ten years later gettin' my rap on 
gettin' shorties like a thespian 
had an episode with two lesbians got a fetish for that 
drunk ginseng with Japanese chicks & pulled the root out 
squeeze my whole clip to survive shootouts 
been on both coasts fired all kinds of heat 
probably be kinda glad to leave these mean streets 
I got dead mens to meet and questions to fulfill 
like is that mystery God real? 
and how was Kennedy killed? I ain't mad 
I must've smoked a ton of reefer sipped Coronas 
with Latifah broke the code of Geneva 
I know when I reach the other side I'ma see the 
cat I had beef with who blood remains on my sneaker 
then it's on again if I could be born again 
I live my life through my son 
and tell him never have a friend 
just family reincarnated I'll show him the time 
that I waited to get paid tell him never be afraid 
niggas hearts pump Kool Aid and yo blood run thicker 
never shed tears cry liquor my nigga 
 
If I die don't cry my niggas 
it's been one hell of a ride my niggas 
say word to Wais my niggas 
when I'm gone don't mourn my niggas 
just keep bangin' these songs my niggas 
say word is bond my niggas 
If I die... 
 
 [Half Dead] 
...don't cry my niggas 
just stay gettin' high my niggas 
don't wonder why my niggas 
when I'm gone live on my niggas 
just follow my path my niggas 
say word to Half my nigga 
 
I'm the aftermath of pleasure never die alone 
born to live forever through life's struggles 
I cut corners & took drastic measures 
see you niggas life expire right in front of me 
time could never mend what these cold streets 
mentally done to me too often I close my eyes 
and see my own coffin feelin' haunted ready to leave 
this world that I'm lost in my only chance 
to see the seeds I lost through abortion 
when I'm gone y'all niggas better not mourn 
keep flossin' as long as my name 
lives on what's most important 
I'll be down in hell scorchin' preparin' for life 
afterlife still torchin' & blazin' these mics 
It'd rain for 40 days & 40 nights 
& I'd return on the 3rd like Christ 
without my physical portion 
my spirit a poltergeist for sure 
I'll be back through the heist tomorrow 
blood over y'all fake niggas door 
What you thought? (huh) 
What you thought? (nigga) 
 
If I should die don't cry my niggas 
just stay gettin' high my niggas 
don't wonder why my niggas 
when I'm gone live on my niggas 
just follow my path my niggas 
say word to Half my nigga 
When I die...Sorry boys.. 
but all the money in the world couldn't bring me back again 
Lay down, lay down 
Gonna stretch my mic out in Ponce Funeral Home on Marcy 
All those new niggaz stop there 
but a lot later than a whole gang of people thought 
The last of the real hustlers, well 
maybe not the last 
Bleek's gonna be a good rapper 
New, IMPROVED Jay-Z 
I quit 
I'm retirin 
Ain't enough money in THIS game, to keep me around 
Sorry Big, I tried 
Honest 
Can't go with me on this ride though 
I'm callin the shots 
The bar's closing 
Where we going to for breakfast? 
Roc-a-Fella y'all 
OKAY, I'M RELOADED! 
 
"Bringin the drama" 
"Tryin to come up in the game" 
"Marcy" 
"Had a couple of dollar signs to my name" 
"Roc-a-Fella y'all" 
"One of the best!" 
"Waitin for my day to come" 
"Just give me the word" 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Nah this ain't Jigga it's your lil nigga Bleek 
Reportin to these motherfuckers live from the street 
Game I peeped those, my mind so advanced 
At nine I used to geese hoes for Easter clothes 
Peep the steez, I represent for all those 
with 28 grams, on a come-up tryin to creep the keys 
Large niggaz told me park the car, keep the keys 
Find a hoodrat and creep to Mickey D's 
First gun two bullets, niggaz know I do pull it 
Niggaz tryin to kill me dog, who wouldn't? 
Screw Gooden, I pitch in the PJ's 
Lit off the EJ, I split Dutchies with my ring finger 
You find a bitch that don't be cream, bring her 
Last seen with Bing, he got dropped between us 
Shit is constant, that's why I pack the 
Johnson and Johnson for the nonsense who wants it? 
I go to sleep with a picture of a Porsche on my wall 
Man I'm tryin to come up on y'all 
Get one up on y'all, that's why I hustle in these streets 
from sundown to sunup on y'all 
Mama said keep bullshittin they'll kill you dead 
One week of this hustlin brought a living room set 
Went to ? D's, niggaz mad, veins out 
Copped the Jordan's, two weeks before they came out 
Flashy, fly little nigga 
Nosy bitch from the third floor like "Why little nigga?" 
Bitch please, twist the trees 
Took a long pull, like bitch to breathe 
That's my answer, life's like cancer 
And I'm serious 
 
"Waitin for my day to come" 
"Just give me the word"Sorry boys.. 
but all the money in the world couldn't bring me back again 
Lay down, lay down 
Gonna stretch my mic out in Ponce Funeral Home on Marcy 
All those new niggaz stop there 
but a lot later than a whole gang of people thought 
The last of the real hustlers, well 
maybe not the last 
Bleek's gonna be a good rapper 
New, IMPROVED Jay-Z 
I quit 
I'm retirin 
Ain't enough money in THIS game, to keep me around 
Sorry Big, I tried 
Honest 
Can't go with me on this ride though 
I'm callin the shots 
The bar's closing 
Where we going to for breakfast? 
Roc-a-Fella y'all 
OKAY, I'M RELOADED! 
 
"Bringin the drama" 
"Tryin to come up in the game" 
"Marcy" 
"Had a couple of dollar signs to my name" 
"Roc-a-Fella y'all" 
"One of the best!" 
"Waitin for my day to come" 
"Just give me the word" 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Nah this ain't Jigga it's your lil nigga Bleek 
Reportin to these motherfuckers live from the street 
Game I peeped those, my mind so advanced 
At nine I used to geese hoes for Easter clothes 
Peep the steez, I represent for all those 
with 28 grams, on a come-up tryin to creep the keys 
Large niggaz told me park the car, keep the keys 
Find a hoodrat and creep to Mickey D's 
First gun two bullets, niggaz know I do pull it 
Niggaz tryin to kill me dog, who wouldn't? 
Screw Gooden, I pitch in the PJ's 
Lit off the EJ, I split Dutchies with my ring finger 
You find a bitch that don't be cream, bring her 
Last seen with Bing, he got dropped between us 
Shit is constant, that's why I pack the 
Johnson and Johnson for the nonsense who wants it? 
I go to sleep with a picture of a Porsche on my wall 
Man I'm tryin to come up on y'all 
Get one up on y'all, that's why I hustle in these streets 
from sundown to sunup on y'all 
Mama said keep bullshittin they'll kill you dead 
One week of this hustlin brought a living room set 
Went to ? D's, niggaz mad, veins out 
Copped the Jordan's, two weeks before they came out 
Flashy, fly little nigga 
Nosy bitch from the third floor like "Why little nigga?" 
Bitch please, twist the trees 
Took a long pull, like bitch to breathe 
That's my answer, life's like cancer 
And I'm serious 
 
"Waitin for my day to come" 
"Just give me the word"[Jay-Z:] 
Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball 
Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss 
It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back 
Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke 
Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc 
It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, yeah yeah 
 
I need a ho in my life to blow on my dice 
So we can make our points twice and skate out a town 
I need that glow in my ice, E-Class 
Ladies screamin Jigga you know we ease that, flowin out like Jees-ass 
Jay-Z and me holdin the mic 
so when you like you find MC's so impolite 
And me I'm so into nice, got cats on the corner like 
Don't me and Jigga be flowin alike? 
Nah, Not in your life ain't nobody copin like 
Mr. Jay-Z, shit you're crazy 
I'm hot like the six maybe, Deep dish with the great seats 
I flow greater than you're navigator 
I drop in you're town, block you're data 
Pimps all comin through with a hot pair of gators 
And a crew with rocks the size of craters 
Can't touch like hot potatoes, Ya Heard? 
 
Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball 
Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss 
It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back 
Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke 
Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc 
It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Holla back 
 
 [Memphis Bleek:] 
In the middle of a war rockin a vest 
Who's the illest shorty alive, I confess 
I take nine to the chest and I swear to the heaven sky's, I bless 
The mics until the day I rest, till they can feel what I feel 
I'ma try my best, and if you real like I real 
you can provide the rest 
Anything left out, you can blame it on the brain, not the heart 
I'm playing my part, stretched out, just about the best out 
Any nigga realer than me, is in a messhall with their chest out 
Any rapper with less clout, sell more records than me 
We extort them as soon as they record 'em, Bleek 
My name is clear, back when a shorty used to braid my hair 
On the project stairs, Once I drop to a ceaser Ma I don't need ya 
From the block to the hot two-seaters 
 
 [Jay-Z:] 
Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball 
Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss 
It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back 
Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke 
Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc 
It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright, Check 
 
On the two Jew-el's I blew more money than Latrell, who else? 
They don't know you, think they know you too well, you jell 
Like Flubber I hover above the city in a private jet, the livest set 
Press you're brakes, Feds wanna investigate, Mr. I don't cop nothin 
Less than eight, and anything involved with my name 
Regardless of the fame 
It's hard, I can't even walk through Harlem again, 
Charge it to the game, I'm platinum like American Express 
My boy died, and all I did was inherit his stress 
To make every jam tougher, you ain't my man fuck ya 
I suggest let you live right? Negative, I swear 
It's dough or die, I hope your soul provides you with an afterlife 
Close you're casket tight 
Take you're last two deep breaths and pass the mic 
To Jay-Z nigga, That's Right!! 
 
Bounce if you wanna bounce, ball if you wanna ball 
Play if you wanna play, floss if you wanna floss 
It's Alright, you heard?, It's Alright, Holla back 
Get ill if you wanna ill, smoke if you wanna smoke 
Kill if you wanna kill, loc if you wanna loc 
It's Alright, you heard? It's Alright[Jay-Z] 
Yeah, un huh, watch this y'all, come on,watch this y'all, Jigga 
Roc-a-fella ya'll, uhhhh, come on yea ! 
 
 [Kid Capri] 
It's Kid Capri and Jay-Z, It's Kid Capri and Jay-Z 
Cause I'm Like That yo ! Cause I'm like that yo ! 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
As a young and dumb man, gun in the waist 
Sold crack to those who couldn't take the pain 
And had to numb it with baste 
Couldn't drink the henny straight, I needed somethin to chase 
I needed something to chase 
Nowadays I throw shots back,leavin nothin to waste 
Life is like a treadmill, niggas runnin in place 
Gettin nowhere fast, a whole year done past 
> I vowed to never stop winnin, 'til the earth stop spinnin 
Rock hot lenin, cop hot cars and hot women 
If it's not him then you got it confused, y'all not remembering, 
My motto is simply I will not lose, abide by the block rules, 
I buy my glock used, wit bodies on it, let me know anybody want it ? 
I'm raised, illrational, way misunderstood, 
If you ain't live like I live then run with the hood 
I done what i could, to come up with this paper 'til this day still 
Run with the hood, guess it's part of my nature, if hell awaits ya ? 
Nigga I'm coming with the razors, still flashin ya shit 
Try to pass me in a six, tight classy on the wrist 
Every bit of 30 karats, this is not a game 
This isn't why I came, make these words find a spot on your brain 
And burn, then I recycle my life 
I shall return 
 
 [Chorus: Female voice and Jay- Z] 
 
 [Woman] 
How tight is your flow ? 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Cause I'm like that yo ! 
 
 [Woman] 
How right is your dough ? 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Cause I'm like that yo ! 
 
 [Woman] 
How white is your blow ? 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Cause I'm like that yo ! 
 
 [Woman] 
Only writers you know 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Cause I'm like that 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
I'm a hop, skip, a jump, from rippin the pump 
Spittin a couple of curse words, and hittin you chump 
Shit, I get digits in lumps, I'm a motherfucking problem is this what you want 
? 
Overachiever, I love chicks that puff chiva, 
And reefer paper, I hate the one's that blow up ya beeper 
Cause I, go in ya deeper, I only bone divas 
Inpregnate the world when I "cum" through your speakers (ha ha) 
Fuck hot my records got the fever 
Niggas kick dirt, get ya whole block sweeped up 
I creep up when the beef heats up, caught him with his feet up 
And shoes off, bout to snooze off 
Hatin, cause you can't turn the booze off 
You dudes is too soft, when I fuck with you all 
I might bark your ex, and spit at the locks 
But, other than that I ain't even fucking with cats 
Just me tied B.I., thug it like that, me,dame and biggs 
What's fuckin with that ? 
Y'all can never diss Jigga, get nothing for that 
Other then a couple slugs in ya back, [huh huh] 
Rappers y'all runnin around, like I won't gun ya down 
Last nigga that fronted, two spun him around 
Lord, except this offer here's somethin for your crown 
I admit no malice, I just met his challenge, In one 
 
 [Chorus: Repeat 3x] 
 
 [Jay-Z: Repeat 2x til fade] 
 
Girls and guns, all i want 
stock exchange, rocks and thangsUh uh 
So So Def 
Yeah, yeah 
 
 [Chorus: Jermaine Dupri and Jay-Z] 
 
 [Jermaine Dupri] 
In the Ferrari or Jaguar, switchin four lanes 
With the top down screamin out 
Money ain't a thang 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Bubble hard in the double R flashin the rings 
With the window cracked, holler back 
Money ain't a thang 
 
 [Jermaine Dupri] 
Jigga, I don't like it if it don't gleam clean 
And to hell with the price 
cause the money ain't a thang 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Put it down hard for my dogs that's locked in the bang 
When you hit the bricks, new whips 
Money ain't a thang 
 
 [Jermaine Dupri] 
Come on, y'all wanna floss wit us 
Cause all across the ball we burn it up 
Drop a little paper, baby toss it up 
Ya slackin on your pimpin, turn it up 
See the money ain't a thang 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I flex the rol', sign a check for yo' hoe 
Jigga's style is love, X and O 
Save all your accolades, just the dough 
My game is wide, all lames aside 
Tryin to stay alive, hundred thou' for the bracelet 
Foolish, ain't I? The chain'll strain ya eye 
Twin platinum gun son, aim for the sky 
Ice on my bullet, you die soon as I pull it 
Willies wanna rub shoulders, your money's too young 
See me when it gets older, ya bank account grow up 
Mine's is one-zero-zero-zero-zero-oh-doub' 
Damn near out the rear trunk when I roll up 
Multi til I close up, it's all basic 
I been spending hundreds since they had small faces 
Rob your stash house, doubled out down in Vegas 
Me and Jermaine Dupri got it locked crazy 
Where you at haters? 
 
 [Repeat 1] 
 
 [Jermaine Dupri] 
My cake thick, I live the life 
Eatin' crab, watching bitches shake shit all night 
I make the big moves, do the big things 
Take small groups, turn them into big names 
The big dog with the big chain, frost bit bracelet to match 
Cats say I'm the shit man 
The type of nigga that you need in yo' crew 
Type of dude that will do shit you won't do, can't do 
Get more burnt than a candle 
Too hot to hold, too much to handle 
In the black C-low, he know if she look 
She go bye-bye with da-da and I ain't gotta say no more 
I'm the truth like A.I., got the proof and stay fly 
In the safest shit you could never buy 
Know why? Cause I write the songs that the whole world sing 
I don't know bout y'all but every night I swing 
 
 [Repeat 1] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Ya'll shit ain't for real til y'all ship a mil' 
And ya hit a R&B chick and she fit the bill 
Said she loved my necklace, started relaxin 
Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction 
Went from wholesome to Jigga, you owed some 
Baby, I don't play all my jewelry is light grey 
Platinum, spend your whole life in the day 
What's down is a bet, roll the dice 
 
 [Jermaine Dupri] 
Yeah, yeah, so let's play 
So what, you went gold and rock a Roley with the ice bezel 
It's gonna take a lot more to see my level 
Where I'm at, your check, you better double that 
And personally your raps is where the trouble at 
I'm a Benz bubble cat, leather with the wood grain 
In the platinum frame screaming it's not a game 
Gleaming, from ear to ear, wrist to wrist, ring and chain 
Even me and Jay-Z got it locked, crazy 
 
 [Repeat Chorus] 
 
So So Def, Roc-A-Fella, collabo' 
You know, all we do is rock 
Rock on[Foxy Brown] 
Uhh, uhh, uh-huh 
Uhh (paper chase) 
Bonnie n Clyde 
Y'all motherfuckers know how it's goin down 
(gotta get that paper y'all) 
That's right, uhh 
(Uh-huh uh, yeah, Roc-a-Fella, yeah 
Paper chase y'all, paper chase WHAT? Uh) 
 
Greyhound bitch, stay down bitch 
Bout to set up shop with Jay, round this bitch 
Half a brick of yea, bout to lay down this bitch 
(til November?) Nah, I'm here to like slay down this bitch 
What you think? I don't wanna have to spray down this bitch 
Call my whole team, from around the way down this bitch 
I'm tryin to stay down this bitch, play down this bitch 
Had a sound, so my nigga Jay drown the six 
Roll the windows down and, weight round this bitch 
But there's a couple things 'fore it's OK round this bitch 
Gotta talk to the natives, let em know I'm here 
for all to get the paydays, first I line up all the haters 
I got jobs for ya, drop stars for ya 
More arms than Green Bay's Brett Favre for ya 
Money providentials hope that's not a problem for ya 
If so, Jigga be here, day after tomorrow for ya (That's right!) 
 
 [Chorus: Foxy, Jay-Z] 
 [F] Gotta get that paper dog 
 [F] Gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh! 
 [J] Gotta get that paper dog 
 [J] Gotta have that grab that paper dog! 
 [F] Gotta get that paper dog 
 [F] Gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that 
 [J] Gotta get that paper dog 
 [J] When I needs that, G stack, tell me where the weed's at? 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I got my two guns, I came to scoop ones 
A down ass bitch and she down to click 
Got a nice little hooptie that I get around with 
And my plan is, not to leave this town til I'm rich 
Gotta find a nigga sellin all them ounces and shit 
Tell them get down with the click or get found in a ditch 
See I drop down and strip, I turn around and spit 
Not to hit em, just to let em know the sound of shit 
Return later that evening in the club with Fox 
And I got the snub nosed for those that love to box 
I'm in search of them young niggaz that hug the block 
all day, til it's like gray outside 
Shoot dice talkin shit all day outside 
And even when it's hot, they outside 
Let em know, how it's gon' go, Bonnie n Clyde 
And aiyyo, you will want me on your side 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yo, yeah, I got that stress and I got it the best 
I ain't got it to give but I got it to test 
And if you wanna get down, all you gotta invest 
is your time, I gotta move this in a, week or less 
For the next couple of days I brought her all I posess 
The Rolex, necklaces with the VVS 
Twin to drive in the passenger with a TV rest 
For my top draft picks I cop the new GS 
Now all the little soldiers wanna roll with my team 
Cause I ain't sold em a dream, I just showed em the cream 
Picked em up in the afternoons and told em some things 
You know the regular shit you do when you moldin them teens 
Yo, never lay your head where you holdin them things 
From family, to your business, nothing goes in between 
Never feared no man, put four in his Beem 
Drop your gun then, blow the scene, ya heard me? 
 
 [Chorus][Sheek] 
Fuck -- shit is real right here 
Roc-a-Fella, LOX, takin the streets over motherfuckers 
Don't get it twisted 
Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo 
Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass 
with no mask, look at the camera like what? 
Yeah I did it like them sick white boys the court committed 
To the death of me, I'm spaz like I'm on Ecstasy 
Drop 100 bars for real like I'm lookin for a deal 
If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is, I'm worse than them African kids 
I ain't straight til my numbers match the Motorola ?bid? 
And walk the streets up in ? ? like I don't fuckin care 
If I ain't strapped that means I took em off my Nike Airs 
Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children 
when I ride mine like bitched when I walk up in the building 
Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores 
Jet-skiin, while you keep warm at corner stores 
I make it hot, floodin your block, the best way 
Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray 
As I get roasted lookin at Biggie posted on my wall 
Takin shots of Louie til I fall 
Nuttin to lose, just load the clip up in the groove 
and kick rhymes to the poster, til I swear Big move 
My team, you would think was on Thorazine 
How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's cost-ing 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now 
Pick out a quiet town and tie it down 
Make niggaz lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now 
Beanie Mac I supply it now 
My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats 
Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps 
Bag enough coke to last a few weeks 
In case niggaz wanna test, vest and a few heats 
You really wanna test my name? And test my game? 
Until you have me, test my aim? 
Y'all niggaz nuts, like testricles 
Hit you up in your apartment buildin vestibule 
Perhaps it's best for you, to keep on walkin 
Heat from the noggin, keep on sparkin 
Platinum prezzie, Bezzie, stay sparklin 
Cop off the lot never see me at the auction 
Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin 
Out on the strip, until I reach the margin 
Not tryin to meet the Seargeant, at the precinct 
Eatin cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend 
Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans 
 
 [Jadakiss] 
Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box 
Come down on appeal then I'm killin your pops 
You feelin The LOX, nigga why you grillin The LOX 
If this rap shit don't work niggaz still in the spot 
You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family 
Gangstas don't die, they get chubby, and move to Miami 
Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper 
Fuck it, the weather's nice and the price is much cheaper 
I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag 
you gon' try it, y'all niggaz can't deny it 
Lot of cats still tryin to study my last bounce 
Tell you what, get a beat tape and a half ounce 
They got me where I can't be without my large gat 
Teflon long sleeve, and my hardhat 
Don't matter if I'm openin up, or headline 
Doin the speed limit or pushin red lines 
Six months in the county or fed time 
I'ma be the 'Kiss nigga, until it's bedtime 
Anything I'm on is a classic, any nigga 
ever had beef with, son is a bastard 
Anytime I spit, spit acid, L.O.X. 
Ruffryder you heard? We got the game mastered 
 
I told you the pain was comin 
You wouldn't listen 
You tried to play me like a joke? 
Now who got the last laugh? 
Now take these bullets with you to hell 
 
 [Sauce Money] 
You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit 
So many niggaz on my nuts I thought I lost my dick 
Picture me fallin off, I'm camera shy 
Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die 
What's the difference? Either way I'm stunnin your crew 
I fuck to win, y'all niggaz comin to lose 
Somethin to prove? Spit it, we can have a sprayoff 
I lay off wet niggaz and kill em on my day off 
Ain't nuttin for me to bust a trey off 
Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off 
Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews 
Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews 
Flow hot like a heatwave bitch 
Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with 
I'm a meal stackin nigga who pull quick, still packin 
for you Phil Jackson niggaz on that Bull 
 
 [Styles] 
I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are 
I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car 
I don't care about your block and whoever you shot 
I don't care about your album and whenever it drop 
I don't care about your past if I did I woulda asked 
I'm too busy lightin 'dro with a whole lotta hash 
Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggaz 
Shootin backwards, just for practice 
Ride or die nigga, hoppin in your casket 
Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you 
Tell the whole world I'm spittin let em know the shells hit you 
I tell niggaz quick, suck dick and get a glock 
My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock 
I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven 
You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me 
I ruffryde and pop a fella for Roc-a-Fella 
Jay (what the fuck) spendin mozzarella 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I know pop you can't stand us cause you cock them hammers 
Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma 
Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta 
Crossed up in a drop I popped up the antenna 
Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like scanners 
Like raindrops you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon 
Big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed 
Get brained in the four dot six Range 
Shit main, switch lanes 
every town I hit, switch planes, bitch flipped big caine 
Flow with no cut, you take it in vain/vein to the brain 
Muh'fukas is noddin and throwin up, you know that 
You don't wanna owe that man 
He'll hit you, get the picture? Kodak man 
Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more 
I just sit on my money til I'm above the law 
How the fuck you gonna stop us with your measly asses 
We don't stop at the tolls we got EZ passes, nigga 
Multiple cars and divas with D-classes 
Iceberg sweat with I.B. on the elastic 
Shit, beyotch! What the fuck, ya heard me? 
Put some more beat on that jointI'm rollin with Roc-a-Fella man 
Cause they got money man, heh heh 
 
Uh-huh, uh-huh uh UH, uh-huh, 'Hovah 
Yeah, Stevie J nigga 
Y'all ready? Yo, yo 
 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) 
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight 
Nigga ride or die or ride or die 
 [repeat 3X] 
 
Aiyyo fuck y'all, niggaz I crush y'all, rush y'all 
with the four drawn and I touch y'all, plus y'all 
little motherfuckers ain't ready for war 
I seen your team in a Chrysler before, but I forgot? 
The same rules apply, don't try to switch up your style 
Y'all niggaz is pumpkin pie, and that's plain as I 
much better than you cat, shocked when I got the news that 
this nigga ready for war, well where that fool at? 
I bruise wack rap niggaz severely punish them 
Especially those that get fucked for they publishing, heh 
Always gotta be the weakest nigga out the crew 
I probably make more money off yo' album, than you 
You see the respect I get everytime I come through 
Check your own videos, you'll always be number two 
Niggaz talkin real greasy on them R&B records 
but I'm platinum a million times nigga, check the credits 
S. Carter, ghost writer, and for the right price 
I can even make YO' shit tighter 
I roast niggaz like ya, smoke niggaz like ya 
Take your little jewels and put the toast to niggaz like ya 
You know what the fuck we do and why we done it 
How I bring it to niggaz who, probably want it 
Keep playin, you gon' find me in your lobby blunted 
And I don't even smoke nigga, ain't no joke 
Niggaz cat fightin with Jigga, kickin sneaky shit 
Makin little tapes but keepin it secret 
Cause I kick that deep shit that divide your peeps shit 
Now I don't know if you fuckin with Jigga 
spittin that weak shit y'all 
 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) 
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight 
Nigga ride or die or ride or die 
 [repeat 2X] 
 
Yeah, yeah 
Niggaz don't want it with Jig, cause somethin got to give 
I got homes where you hide, I hustle where you live 
Jigga's the Don, bitches scream "Jigga dandy, 
dick is the bomb, about as thick as a arm" 
Mr. Exxon, gas 'em with the wit and the charm 
Bitch I'm tryin to tell you like Nichalous Bond 
I'm a big cat, listen mami, can you dig that? 
Cars, jewelry, homes, I did that 
Oh's, shootouts, keys, I live that 
Actresses, models, chickenheads, hit that 
I get stacks and still I kick back 
and run up on niggaz with the midac, where the shit at? 
 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) 
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight 
Nigga ride or die or ride or die 
 [repeat 2X] 
 
Time to seperate 
the platinum from the white gold, right from the door 
The real from the fake, ready rock from the raw 
The boss from the runners, cats who ride dick 
from the cats with the numbers, the five from the six 
I got cop n crash money, pop the dash money 
Press the button, alluva sudden, glock in the stash money 
Beef with Jigga, watch yo' ass Money 
It's El Presidente, top brass money 
Now I don't flash the steel, I blast for real 
My motto: you only good as the last nigga you kill 
I'm here to snatch this meal, nigga that's for real 
If you rollin with me grab the wheel, let's ride huh? 
 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight) 
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight) 
How many y'all wanna ride tonight 
Nigga ride or die or ride or die 
 [repeat 4X][Jay-Z] 
Uh huh yea, yeah 
Duro! 
You gotta let it bump 
Uh, uh, uh like dat yeah 
Come on bring the chorus in 
 
 [1] 
I'd risk everything 
For one kiss, everything 
Yes I'd do anything (Anything?) 
Anything for you 
 
Id do a bid, loose a rib, bust a cap, trustin' that 
Run up to heaven doors, exchange my life for yours 
Leave a steak out the door, mi casa, su casa 
Just remember to turn the lights off in the hall 
My brother from anotha pop, minus one shot 
We Neno and G-Money man, we all we got 
From the stoop to the big dudes, stoppin' us from playin' hoops 
And us gettin mad, throwin' rocks off the roof 
Straight thuggin' man, I thought we would never progress 
But look at us now man, we're young execs 
My nigga Dame, my nigga Biggs, my nigga Tah 
My nigga Ja, my nigga Gotti 
We embody all thats right with the world 
No matter how pretty she is, you never likin' my girl 
That's how we run, when you aint around 
I'll spank ya son, keep him in line 
If you should die, Ill keep him like mine 
God forbid, keep this in mind, my nigga 
 
 [Repeat 1] 
 [Repeat 1] 
 
I know mama, your little baby 
But these streets raised me crazy 
Product of my environment, nothing can save me 
Thanks for letting me bloom for your wisdom for your womb 
For the roof over my head, for my shoes, for my bed 
For the most important lesson in life was when you said 
"Strive for what you believe in, set goals and you can achieve them" 
Thanks for the days you kept me breathing when my asthma was bad 
And my chest was weezin', thanks for the look of love 
Just as I was leavin' 
On nights you thought that I wouldn't come back 
That left you grieving' 
Thanks for holdin' down the household when times was bad 
As the man, I apologize for my dad 
When the rent was due, you would hustle like a pimp would do 
That wasnt the life meant for you 
Youre a queen, you deserve the cream 
Everything that gleamed, everything that shines 
Everything thats mine 
 
 [Repeat 1] 
 [Repeat 1] 
 
Check it out, uh, uh 
Dear nephews, Im writing' this with no pen or a pad 
And Im signing it, ya uncle, ya best friend, and ya dad 
Don't look back if you fall and youre feeling bad 
Im right there from your cut to when you peelin' the scab 
If it comes a time when you aint feelin' your real dad 
Put my face on his body dont wait for nobody 
Dont follow no nigga, that's hoe shit man 
Stand on your own two, do your shit man 
The world is yours 
Some girls are nice some girls are whores 
Don't listen to your crew 
Do what works for you 
Standin' back from situations gives you the perfect view 
You see the snakes in the grass and you wait on their ass 
Bite your tongue for no one and whatever is said 
Take it how they want, a closed mouth don't get fed, 
You know my number when its code red if you're wrong my nigga 
Youre my nephew, fuck it we get it on my lil nigga 
 
 [Repeat 1 until fade][Jay-Z] 
I remove your roof nigga let the sun shine in 
Thirty-eight waist, enough to put one nine in 
Really a thirty-six without the gun I'm thin 
but when the gat is tucked, I'm fat as fuck 
Ignorant bastard, I'm takin it back to day one 
No kids, but trust me I know how to raise a gun 
For niggaz that think I spend my days in the sun 
well here's the shock of your life, the glock not the mic 
Homey I'm not into hype; trust me, I'm still street 
You still fuckin up then trust me I still creep 
Yeah I know the platinum chain be lookin real sweet 
but reach and I bury niggaz sixty feet deep 
S dot Carter turn rappers into martyrs 
Seperate fathers from they daughters, why bother 
I'm a crook like you, I took like you 
I disobeyed the law threw out the book like you 
How dare you look at Jigga like I'm shook like boo 
I keep the fifth with me nigga, come and get me.. 
 
COME AND GET ME! 
 [gong sounds] Ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-come.. 
 [bell rings] COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka-COME AND GET ME! .. 
 [bell rings] COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka.. 
 [bell rings] .. Ka-ka-ka-ka-come 
 [bell rings] .. come and get me COME AND GET ME 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Don't know what y'all niggaz is 
tryin to do but I don't like it 
Yeah, straight gangster shit 
Heyyyy, uh-huh-uh-uhh gangster shit 
Uhh, straight gangster nigga 
Roc.. 
 
Yo, your summer's bout to get hot 
Niggaz home from jail and they plottin 
Heard about the watch, the Bentley hard-top 
The Continental T, got em resentin me 
God I work hard, please don't envy me 
I paid the cost to be the boss to floss this hard 
I can recall a year ago I almost lost this job 
All y'all remember is the part about me parkin the hog 
What about all them days I was walkin my dogs? 
Barkin at broads, but they never hollered back 
And if they did all they said was, "Where dem dollaz at?" 
Imagine, bein skinny growin up around broader cats 
The quiet assassin demeanor of them college cats 
until I got a gat and loudly start poppin back 
Round the way, niggaz called me Bobby Bouchete 
Now all I hear is whispers of what you gon' do to Jay 
How y'all gon' stick me up, take my jewels away 
Pull out your gat, car jack me take my cruise away 
Well I got news for y'all fools today, hey.. 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
I got, shots to give come and get me nigga 
Y'all wanna rob the kid? Come and get me nigga 
I won't, part with this come and get me nigga 
I worked, hard for this come and get me nigga 
I got, shots to give, COME AND GET ME.. 
COME AND GET ME.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I made it so, you could say Marcy and it was all good 
I ain't crossover I brought the suburbs to the hood 
Made em relate to your struggle, told em bout your hustle 
Went on MTV with do-rags, I made them love you 
You know normally them people wouldn't be fuckin witchu 
Til I made em understand why you do what you do 
I expected to hear, "Jay, if it wasn't for you.." 
But instead, all I hear is buzzin in your crew 
How y'all scheamin, tryin to get accustomed to my moves 
So y'all could tape my mouth, stake out my house 
But I got pride I'm a nigga first 
I gotta cock back and pull the trigger first 
That's how Jigga work 
The funny thing; I represent y'all everytime I spit a verse 
and that's the shit that hurts 
But hey, I got my mind right, got my nine right here 
So when y'all feel that the time is right.. 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Aiy yo yo, aiy yo yo 
It's only fair that I warn ya, rap's my new hustle 
I'm treatin it like the corner, fuck with me if you wanna 
My game change but my mindframe remains the same 
I gotta protect what's mine 
Shit I started from nothin; zero, zip 
I made my way hustlin, I don't owe niggaz shit 
I'm paranoid now, so I keep the gun gripped 
Cats I played skelly with? Niggaz done flipped 
I keep a banger in the ankle, one in the hip 
Two in the stash, one come up when I shift 
I keep one under the chair where I sit 
I even got a gun in the hair in the bun of my bitch 
Ask Big; everytime he'd come to my crib 
he'd find another gun that I hid 
I'm ready to make this one of the, hottest summer there is 
Everyday like a hundred-and-six.. shit.. 
 
 [Chorus 2X] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Motherfuckers![Jay-Z] 
Roc-A-Fella 
Y'all know what this is 
We givin y'all five seconds to put your drinks down 
and report to the dance floor immediately 
All the bustas we giving y'all five seconds to get close to an exit 
It's about to get real ugly in here 
Five Seconds is up 
Let's go! 
 
Throw the hands up (uh, uh, uh) 
Throw the hands up (Niggaz) 
Throw the hands up (Bitches) 
Throw the hands up (Bustas) 
Throw the hands up (Hustlers) 
Throw the hands up (Hos) 
Throw the hands up (Posta's) 
Throw the hands up (MAC) 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
You know how Mac come through on the club tip 
Everybody real deep on that thug shit 
Cop Cris' spray the club on that thug shit 
Cop frisks suits snub in the club quick 
Told y'all real high, when I come through 
You can try if you want to, you can die if you want to 
We hittin whores on the floor, whole crew be wild 
Bitch "Back That Azz Up" like Juvenile (huh) 
When my peeps come through to spend a dime apiece 
You know Mac come through with a line of freaks 
Every bitch on the hit be a 9 at least 
We getting head on the floor, while you grinding freaks 
Whole squad get it down like this 
Whole squad buying rounds of Cris 
Whole squad got they crowns on wrist 
Whole squad got a pound of twist 
Whole squad got a pound to spit 
In case a clown wanna flip 
Mac never slip in a club, told y'all niggas 4/5th in a club 
If a nigga wanna draw then the blood it can drip in the club 
You know how niggaz get in the club, shit you know how I be 
All high in VIP, rolling up to B.I.G. (Baby) 
Niggaz be all liquored up talkin shit 
Till' they man gotta come pick them up 
Got bitches in the back bouncin to "Jigga What" 
You got your hands up and I ain't even stick y'all up 
 
Throw the hands up (uh, uh, uh, Everybody get it up) 
Throw the hands up 
 
 [Jay-Z (Amil)] 
12 AM on the way to the club (uh) 
1 AM DJ made it erupt (uh-huh) 
2 AM now I'm gettin with her (what up?) 
3 AM now I'm splittin with her (splitting with who?) 
4 AM at the waffle house (waffle house) 
5 AM now we at my house (uh) 
6 AM I be diggin her out (who?) 
6:15 I be kickin her out (what?) 
7 AM I'ma call my friends (uh-huh) 
12AM we gonna do it again, we gon, we gon, we gonna do it again 
(We gonna do it again) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
By the way yo 
Yo, how the fuck you gonna talk about MC's on our hill 
When we just cop them things homey the chromy wheels 
Both arms are chunky the sleeves on chill 
Any given times 100 G's in your grill 
Don't talk to me bout MC's got skillz 
He's alright but he's not real 
Jay-Z's that deal with seeds in a field 
Never fear for war, hug, squeeze that steel 
Fuck, you gotta a flow that's cool with me 
You gotta lil' dough that cool with me 
You gotta little cars little jewelries 
But none of y'all motherfuckers could fool with me 
You know the wrist frost bit minus two degrees 
Bout as blue as the sea the way I manuever the V 
Hat cocked can't see his eyes, who could it be? 
With that new blue Yankee on, who but me? 
Niggaz shift two million, then I blew the three 
Then I skated the four, before I went on tour 
I came back and it's plain 
Y'all niggaz ain't rappin the same 
Fuck the flow y'all jackin our slang 
I seen the same shit happen to Kane 
Three cuts in your eyebrow tryin to wild out 
The game is ours will never foul out 
Y'all just better hope we gracefully bow out 
Throw your hands up 
Niggaz, Bitches, Bustas, Hustlers FUCK THAT 
(Throw the hands up) 
 
 [Amil (Jay-Z)] 
12 AM on the way to the club (uh huh) 
1 AM bout to shake the butt (uh) 
2 AM now I'm checkin the mix (ah yeah) 
3 AM now he buyin me drinks (what you drinkin on) 
4 AM exit the club (let's go) 
5 AM think he gettin some butt (that's right) 
6 AM nigga still ain't bust (what) 
6:15 nigga will get up (uh) 
7 AM gotta tell my friends (ah huh) 
12 AM I'ma do it again, uh, uh 
I'ma Do it again 
12 AM we gonna do it again 
(Uh, uh Let's go) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
12 AM on the way to the club 
1 AM DJ made it a rub 
2 AM now I'm gettin with her 
3 AM now I'm splittin with her 
4 AM at the waffle house 
5 AM now we at my house 
6 AM I be diggin her out 
6:15 I be kickin her out 
7 AM I'ma call my friends 
12 AM We gonna do it again, we gon, we gon, we gonna do it again 
Let's go[sound of a camera taking a picture] 
 
 [Jay] 
Millenium flow 
 [MTV] 
Serena Altschul's here live outside the criminal courthouse 
 [Jay] 
This is {bullshit} y'all 
 [MTV] 
in New York City for the first day in the trial of 
 [Jay] 
I'm gone [car speeds off] 
 [MTV] 
the State vs. Shawn Carter, a.k.a. Jay-Z 
 [Jay] 
Uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh 
 [MTV] 
Whatever the verdict in this trial may be 
the effects will undoubtedly be felt worldwide 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Aiyyo, stand forward, 'fore you take notice 
or witness to me killin the track 
Testify 'til me spillin the smack 
Now they got me for traffickin, racketeerin, audio crack 
 
 [Hook:] 
They call me Dope Man, Dope Man 
I try to tell em I'm where hope, floats man 
Ghetto spokes-man 
 
A broke man, approachin the bench with intent 
to bury me under the cell, fingered me as the toast man 
Evidence stemmin from ninety-six 
They say the world ain't recovered from his fix 
While they was usin cut I was on some other shit 
Gave it to you raw and they just discovered it 
Nowaday, the jury got they brow raised 
Listenin to testimony about my foul ways 
Exhibit A: "Reasonable Doubt" 
They say this was the first thing that turned the peoples out 
 
 [MTV] 
You can feel the tension building here 
as an unprecedented number of people have turned out 
for what may be the "Trial of the Century" 
 [Hook] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
How come, you label your brand of dope 
"Volume 1" and spread it through the slums? 
Fed it to the young with total disregard 
Your honor, the State seeks the maximum charge 
And how could you, turn right around 
and release a lethal dosage called "Volume 2" 
And is true you operate the criminal enterprise 
known as Roc-a-Fella in charge of his meteoric rise? 
And do you deny you're responsible for the demise 
of record execs, and do you object? 
Your distribution's Polygram, and through your connects 
Def Jam, you pushed over five million SoundScan 
And not to mention, your co-horts and henchmen 
Dame, Biggs, Lyor, Kev' and Russell Simmons 
And we ain't gon' talk about Murder, Inc. 
That just establishes a darker deeper criminal link 
 
 [MTV] 
The State is seeking the maximum penalty 
and with the overwhelming amount of evidence 
the D.A.'s presented, things aren't looking good 
 [Hook] 
 [MTV] 
Despite the grim outlook at this point 
the rapper has been known to emerge triumphant 
in the face of adversity 
 [Hook] 
 [MTV] 
Jay-Z is taking the stand 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Right hand on the Bible, left hand in the air 
Before I spoke one word, made sure my throat was clear 
A-hem, I'm a prisoner of circumstance 
Frail nigga, I couldn't much work with my hands 
But my mind was strong, I grew where you hold your blacks up 
Trap us, expect us not to pick gats up 
Where you drop your cracks off by the Mack trucks 
Destroy our dreams of lawyers and actors 
Keep us spiralin, goin backwards 
At age nine, saw my first hate crime 
Blindfolded, expected to walk a straight line 
Mind molded, taught to love you and hate mine 
Climbed over it, at a early age, Jay shined 
Fuck the system at Lady Justice I blaze nine 
Your Honor, I no longer kill my people, I raise mine 
The soul of Mumia in this modern day time 
 
 [MTV] 
While the jury is inside deliberating 
outside the crowd is frozen with anticipation 
 [Hook] 
 [MTV] 
Well the verdict has just been announced: NOT GUILTY! 
It is complete pandemonium out here! [Hook; Serena keeps speaking] 
People are cheering and hugging - there he is 
Jay-Z is exiting the courtroom right now 
There is a swarm of cameras surrounding him [pop bulbs flashing] 
and people are just rushing up to him 
Let's try and make our way over there, Jay-Z! Jay-Z! 
 [sounds of cameras keep flashing, music fades]Jigga man, Swizz Beats 
History in the making, part three 
Lights out ladies! 
 
 [Chorus: 2x] 
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (to all my baby thugs) 
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing) 
Hold me tight and call me your lady (say it louder) 
Let me scream your name 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I took ya outta Jacob's in clusters 
Busters they wanted to rush us 
Love the way you sparkle when the sun touch ya 
When you blush you turn blue if your grade is right 
You can light up the whole room, turning day from night 
When the summertime is in and the tops are down 
With you around my neck we lock the whole block down (that's right) 
It took shortsleeves and loungin' to understand 
The reason they call you ice, everybody freeze 
Ain't a pendant in the sun who can shine like you 
And that platinum in the charm who can blind like you 
The direct reason why niggas do they crimes they do 
I used to snatch the necklace right off them reckless fools 
Guess I was jealous that they was so next to you 
So I devoted half my time to invest in you 
The other half was spent on protecting you 
Cause you belong to me, now sing ya song for me 
C'mon 
 
 [Chorus 2x] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I'm often with you so they wonder bout the juice I got 
I took you from the projects and an abusive pops 
From the bottom to the top 
The skateboard to the drop 
From the nada to the Prada 
I got ya like I got ya 
From the first time I put you round my neck and locked ya 
It was then I knew everywhere I went you'd follow 
Soon I spent every dolla you became my habit 
other brothers vice was smoke, mines was carats 
The more checks I got the more I laced my crew 
The rocks got bigger, watch face got blue 
Tricked a little bit, shit I lace my Boo 
Fuck it, my mistress I laced her too 
Cop my jewels twice, like deja vu 
If they ever met in the mall, it's ova ya'll 
Just the way I do, and either way you win 
I mean the thugs love ya when your girl's best friend 
 
 [Chorus 2x] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
And the wedding band you love 
In the gold chain you thug 
Sometimes you given just because 
And the tennis bracelet means they want relations 
Know that they wanna fuck the only reason they give you up 
In the hands of goldiggas you never enough 
Rings, things, just never enough 
With me and you together gon shine to the end 
I mean the thugs love ya but ya girls best friend 
 
 [Chorus til end][Jay-Z] 
Geyeah, NYMP the realest, uhh 
This is educated thug MU-SIC, niggaz 
 
Life's a battle, mean streets eat you alive 
Blocks'll have you, tryin to maintain your course 
through the potholes and gravel 
Hot holes and what-have-you, tryin to clock dough 
Foes tryin to pop shots through you by code 
Pigs tryin to grab you and lock up your soul 
Through the Hot Apple, nighttime shots crackle 
(bucka bucka bucka) Fiends tryin to gaffle you 
Not only cokeheads but the Feds in the Mercuray Topaz 
after you, up the avenue 
Tryin to give you big numbers, you got math to do 
Tryin to make you miss summer, shit, that ain't cool 
I caught smaller cases tryin to get cap or two 
Up against the wall, tryin to pass through 
Ghost-like, hear the cries from the tortured souls 
Most nights, I hold my toast tight, and it goes like 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest 
Marcy.. Brooklyn.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yo; I come through, gettin money, sittin on twenties 
Niggaz throwin me shade, but ain't shit sunny 
Hot shells only thing niggaz could get from me 
Cocktails thrown in your living room, KA-BOOM 
I'm so confrontational; 
they shoulda never let me go on probation yo 
I'm a hustler; except that.. 
no correctional facilities can correct that 
I took a step back, I viewed myself, seen where my head was at 
It's where that dough is homey, gotta get that 
Gotta get away, some try but head back 
Uhh, street smart niggaz got left back 
Some died, they left stacks 
Me, I ball right, and on top of that I'm dog nice 
Jigga been cold as fuck before ice 
Not before Christ, but a long fuckin time 
Get your mind right niggaz 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
N.Y.M.P., the realest 
Uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Uhh uh-huh, uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz 
Marcy.. feel me.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I looked Death in the face years back 
I held tears back, I gathered myself and stared back 
I'm from where you don't crack, the weak don't live 
You gotta bounce back homey, the streets don't give 
I take and rape villages, who gon' stop him? 
Not Rudy Guiliani, not Hillary Rodham 
Still I still pop him 
Shit I grassy knoll and hilltop him, it's all political now 
I think big when I spit at you now 
Between my dog and the figures, the four gonna get'cha 
Between life and death, they killed my spirit 
So what little life I got left, y'all can expect me to ball 
I ? myself, teacher said I was a lost cause 
cause I used to roam them halls 
Still I spit knowledge, dropped out of high school, skipped college 
Who woulda thought I'd make it "Big" like Ms. Wallace? 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
Uhh, yeah, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Brooklyn, what? N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz 
Marcy.. Brooklyn, N.Y.M.P. the realest, feel me 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Educated, thug mu-sic niggaz 
This is Brooklyn, this is gangsta, this is project 
Real shit, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz 
Marcy, Brooklyn, stompin grounds 
Fuck with me[Amil (Jay-Z)] 
(Alright yeah) 
Would ya love me? (Uh-huh, alright) 
Would ya hate me? (Watch this yo) 
I know ya love me (Alright) 
I know ya hate me (Uh Clue) 
Would ya love me? (Brand new Duro) 
Would ya hate me? 
I know ya love me (Feel this yo, uh) 
 
 [Amil] 
Uh, uh, uh 
See me comin through hair done just a slinging my shit 
With something Gucci on clinging to my hips 
Frontin with the Star Tech ringing in the whip 
Icy ears, neck, fingers for years 
Got the show wild with the toes out 
Shit I don't fuck with no stingy nigga 
I rock Prada, Chanel, and Fendi nigga 
What I'mma do with your little blunts and Henney nigga? 
I'mma Major Coin with a pretty Bentley nigga 
Uh my niggas will ride for me 
You should see all the things they buy for me 
Uh, it's obvious how I spend my time 
Around ballers all day don't have to spend a dime 
Callin' up room service when it's dinner time 
Get my tan on in the tropics in the winter time nigga, uh, uh, uh 
 
 [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) 
I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) 
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) 
 
 [Beanie Siegal] 
Ay yo, we gon' stop this here 
Get this clear the general of the Roc in here 
Beanie Siegal hottest thing on the block this year 
Keep the ego we been bound to the top ya hear 
Forget about it you don't know me yo stop the stares 
I've been about it pop you then pop ya peers 
You know how I do six coup, top be clear 
You know how I play low layer Roc-A-Wear 
Catch Siegal in the kitchen balloon in the pie 
Y'all from whom to buy 
Y'all niggas know if y'all cross Mac 
Y'all soon to die 
Cuz you know I bring heat like June and July 
Spit like August 
I'm the truth I'm not lying 
I'm the reason why Jay feel comfortable retiring 
I gotta laugh cuz y'all work hard at this shit 
Think about yo I just started this shit 
Just imagine if I put my heart in this shit 
Scary sight y'all niggas feel me right 
God damn yo I barely write 
But every rhyme be in check like a pair of Nikes 
 
 [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Yo, yo, well I'm gold now 
Memph Man Coming Of Age and I'm grown now 
Sittin on chrome now 
I'm the youngest gun, I get it on with anyone 
I've been in thirty beefs shit I'm barely 21 
Guns I hold em like offensive linemen 
Bring em back to the streets like a brick on consignment 
Interlining of the Mark Buchanan 
Spark two hammers 
Memph Man gold marks the understanding 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We don't engage in war we elope 
Orange juice style beat niggas to a pulp 
We broke nigga you just told 3 jokes 
Me, Biggs, and Dame we get some things 
See the six dames me and Biggs live in the Range 
Mine's platinum his Champagne 
Niggas whisper cuz if they talk they gets slain 
Y'all's was looking for me on the charts the bricks came 
Left the same night in the morning the chicks came 
I just use rap to put shit in my name 
The death's just a matter of time the hit's been arranged 
Contracts signed the shits in your name 
Just to lame rap niggas I'm the king 
Motherfuck the ring mami kiss the chain 
I don't got game to waste on y'all 
I'm don't think with my dick or chase my balls 
I'm a hustla hit me with an eighth of raw 
And when I get on top I'mma blaze all y'all 
Keep em laced some more I know you want some things 
I drink a lot of water mami come clean 
Chicks I pump her then dump her 
Cars we got em bumper to bumper 
Rap niggas y'all days are numbered 
Nobody drop nothin' next summer, yeah 
 
 [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah R-O-C for the 2 triple O 
Ya heard me 
You are about to witness a dynasty like no other 
Beanie Siegal, The General 
Amil-lion, Diana Ross of the ROC 
Memph Bleek, Young god 
Ha, ha 
Jigga Man, get ya mind right niggas[Jay-Z] 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no, nope 
You can't see 'em 
Though you got plans to be him 
Pay homage if by chance you meet him 
In his pants pocket, your advance in pedium 
It's the undisputed champ, being 
For clique, dough sick, no medicine for us 
Competition like I said in the chorus 
Let me spell it out for ya 
Jay to tha Amil 
(A to the Y stay real fuck how they feel, uh-huh, uh-huh) 
That's how we put it down 
(Uh-huh, uh-huh y'all gon get it now) 
Chip off the old block 
Resemble my old pops 
'Cept I tote glocks and open dope spots 
And I shut down rap crews 
Smack them cats who flash tools 
Laugh at fake ballers with bad jewels 
I'll tell you once 
This is shit you should've of knew 
(Jigga what?) 
Jigga 
(Jigga who?) 
Okay 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no 
I'mma Roc-a-fella soldier 
I thought I told ya 
Hustler, nigga move weight like Oprah 
Drive wide body, twenty-inch big motor 
No tints, make no mistake y'all it's Hova 
I stay sportin' played Jordan's before Jordan 
Verses tight, hooks harder than Ken Norton 
Musically touching you 
Truthfully I abuse beats better call BCW 
I make my mother move 
So I have no problem coming around the old way 
Sluggin' you, that's what a thug will do 
(Thuggin', bust techs, a suspect dangerous, and I love rough sex) 
Yeah that's what's up 
Even when I'm asleep the gats is up 
Paranoid like Sunny drive backing up 
But I'm from Bed-Stuy, killa with the flow 
Let lead fly from out the four-four, motherfuckers 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no 
None I remain at the top like the sun 
And I burn whoever come in my chambers of torture 
The flame gon' spark ya 
Blood stain the tarp 
But remains they chalk ya 
Don't try to smooth talk us 
 [Amil (Jay-Z)] 
You got nothing to offer 
But the baby nine 
And make ya fine offer 
The chick is ill 
Even with four-inch heels 
No panties on and Patricia Fields 
I get down 
Just name the time, the place 
We could take it back to Vaseline on our face 
On a regular day we just gleam up your space 
Rock our own line, got our whole team laced 
RW with the torch on my jeans by the waist 
Without heat we still gon steam up the place 
(Amil-lion, Jigga man, flawless, here we go) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no 
S-dot-Carter 
Y'all must try harder 
Competition is 
 [Amil] 
Nada 
Ladies scream papa 
Niggas can't stop ya 
Competition is 
 [Jay-Z] 
No, no, no[Jay-Z] 
Bounce 
Uhhh, ha, uhhh, ha 
Uhhh, uh-huh-uh-uhhh, uhh, uh-huh 
This for my hustlers.. uh-huh 
And for the bitches.. yeah 
 
Yo, yo 
This is for my niggaz down in Houston on candy paint 
All my niggaz in the Dirty South, Miami mayne 
All my niggaz in the A-T-L throwin dem bones 
All them thugs that send slugs through your clothes; holla at me 
It's for the black culture, Spanish chicks with the sweet chocha 
Spanish cats with the ki's of cocoa 
All the haters eat a dick they wanna see you brok-er 
I hope the heat stroke ya, the misery is over 
All my deep smokers, I hope the leaf choke ya 
Hope you'll never be sober I'ma toast to myself 
I hope the Crist' get me, spiralin into a tizzy 
So pissy, swervin on the road dizzy 
May God protect my soul, angels walk with me 
First do the flow sickly, niggaz is so shifty 
The fo'-fo' is like a force field, you won't get me 
I brought some folk with me, Brooklyn is loc'n with me 
What the fuck? 
 
 [Chorus: Juvenile repeat 2X] 
You know, we ride 
All day, all night 
Pop Crist, shoot dice 
Fuck hoes, for life 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
This is for my chicks that get dough for takin off they clothes 
All them money makin honeys that slide down the poles 
All my educated chicks who grade is 4.0 
All the baby mamas across the globe; aiyyo 
I like my women friends feminine 
I like my hoes on "X" like Eminem.. shit! 
I like em bow-legged, never coke-headed 
With a dough fetish - the drive to go get it 
I like they toes proper, I like they clothes Prada 
I like they shoes Gucci, I like new coochie 
I fucked a few groupies, in a few hoopties 
I got em iceberg shit they thought I knew Snoopy 
I cop them Roc-a-Wear, my mamis dedicated 
They never tell me no, the most they said is "not here" 
I got they ears studded, both wrists baguetted 
I got a main chick, a mistress, and a young bitch 
Forget it I'm the don 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Wha-What? 
This is for my dice shooters, cats doin life 
By the time I get this kite to ya, I hope you doin alright 
Who got em platinum up? Who got the chicks in the truck? 
Too much to sit comfortably, they lappin up 
Who shit is big pimpin? See the flow different 
I drop heavy then I let the four-fifth flip em 
I keep rappers talkin to kids, Jigga "Sixth Sense-d" em 
Don't mention my name and lames in the same sentence 
You see I'm so thorough, take on your whole borough 
Be so careful I hear the whistle from the fo'-fo' barrel 
Keep the flow Hovah; icy neck, cold shoulder 
Who click is closest to La Costra Nostra? 
It's "The Roc" 
 
 [Chorus 1.5X][Jay-Z] 
Back at'cha 
How we do 
Primo, Jigga-Man 
History in the making 
Let's go 
 
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH 
Uh-huh-uh-uhh, uhh 
I spit the murder-murder-murderous 
Mur-mur-ma-murderous SHIT 
Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-UHH 
I keep the gangsta-gangsta-gangsta 
Gah-gah-ga-gangsta beat, feel me? Uhh 
I spit that Brooklyn-Brooklyn-Brook 
Uh-uhh, uh-huh-uh-uhh, uh-uhh 
Uh-huh-UHH 
 
Yo.. career crook, nobody rap Brooklyn like me 
Jigga-Man, Volume 3, I'm back lookin like me 
Stop the presses, baby girls, drop your dresses 
B-K lick a shot for Big Pop' in heaven 
Ever since I came through, niggaz got the impression 
everything I drop, out of the question, stop the guessin 
it's hot, flows provin I pack cause my dough's movin 
My whole crew up in this muh'fucker 
We spray corners, stand there like you got a cape on ya, fine 
You'll be wearing a black suit a long time 
I put your crew in hard bottoms 
The priest is like, "God's got him 
He never did nuttin to nobody but them boys shot him" 
Brandish iron, outlandish buyin 
Bentley Coupes, not braggin just simply the truth 
We all from the ghetto, only difference, we go back 
Back up in D&D on this Primo track, listen 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z {scratching by DJ Premier}] 
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me 
"Iceberg, Slim baby ride rims" 
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me 
"You know him well.." "..by the name of Jigga" 
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me 
"You can love me or hate me.." "..Jay-Z" 
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me 
"Roc-a-Fella lock the whole block down" 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Wednesday's I'm up in Shine, Cheetah's Monday night 
I'm fuckin with the model chicks Friday night at Life 
So I'm cruisin in the car with this boozy broad 
She said, "Jigga-Man you rich, take the doo-rag off" 
Hit a U-turn; ma I'm droppin you back off 
Front of the club, "Jigga why you do that for?" 
Thug nigga til the end, tell a friend bitch 
Won't change for no paper plus I been rich 
Eighty-eight been hustlin, linen been crushin em 
Women been fuckin them HUH? 
You see I live for the love of the street 
Rap to the ruggedest beats 
Hall closet cluttered with heat 
I spit that murder-murder-murder 
that Brook-Brook-a-Brooklyn shit 
Furthermore ma.. 
We tote guns to the Grammy's, pop bottles on the White House lawn 
Guess I'm just the same old Shawn 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I'm from the M-to-the-A-baby-R-C-Y 
So it's hard for me to let the larceny die 
Niggaz see me in the streets with no bodyguards 
just two big guns that'll body your squad 
Could niggaz be scheamin on me? Probably are 
Think Jigga's a joke nigga? Hardy har 
I spit Brook-Brook-Brooklyn every time I bust 
Radio's gotta play me though I cuss too much 
Magazine said I'm shallow, I never learned to swim 
Still they put me on they cover cause I earn for them 
Soon as I sell too much, watch them turn on him 
cause that seem to be the shit that'll earn for them 
I spit that murder-murder-murderous everytime a verbalist 
iller than Verbal Kint is or O-Dog in "Menace" 
I'm ill, start to finish, I rip apart contenders 
I'm hot.. hehehehe.. 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me, uhh 
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls .. 
Heheh, (uhh, uhh, uh-huh-uh-uhh), yeah 
Uhh, yeah, funk, yeah, with me, yeah, beyotch, yeah 
Jigga, yeah, Primo, yeah, gangsta, yeah, niggaz, yeah 
Brooklyn, yeah[BLAM BLAM] 
 [woman screaming in pain.. cops yelling "Go! Go! Go! Go!"] 
 [police sirens] 
 
 [Hook:] 
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh 
I ahh, think there's been a.. 
I.. I think there's been a.. 
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh 
I ahh, think there's been a.. 
I.. I think there's been a.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I hustle from, night to morning, dawn to dusk 
Kidnap and robberies like (c'mon nigga) "You're going with us" 
I held roundtable meetings so we could go on and discuss 
not only money but all the emotions going through us 
Why we don't cry when niggas die, that's how the street raised him 
Look in the air, say a prayer (hail Mary) hoping God forgave him 
Cop liquor, twist it, tap it twice, pour it to the pavement 
We live dangerous, often finding ourself in the eyes of strangers 
(Who the fuck is you?) My dream is big and in it my team is rich 
as seen through the eyes of a nigga who ain't seen shit 
Back to live action, I'm packing, I'm still in the mix 
like new hits, I think I'm going over your head a little bit 
But I let you know I changed names when I roam through town 
Stay free and be who I'm professional known as now 
Jay-motherfucking-Z; and with that said 
back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uh 
 
 [Hook] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
My infatuation with autos led to autos getting sprayed 
Houses getting broken in, quarters getting tried 
Bricks getting chopped, mom's pots getting used 
One thrown in that water, try the soda in there too 
Expensive shoes worn, Louis Vuitton seat, roof gone 
Coke cheap, my face is like a coupon 
I gotta do Shawn, 'cause even when Jay-Z was lukewarm 
I was getting my loot on, nigga I'm too strong 
Eat till the food's gone, they placed me on this earth 
The twin brother of Rick Porter, separated at birth 
I got the soul of a hustler, quiet noise like a muffler 
Fuck with us, walk through the ghetto, see the place that corrupted us 
Learn why we buck at the guys that come up with us 
Ain't enough bucks for us to split in this shit 
Plus ain't nobody loving us; and with that said 
back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uh 
 
 [Hook] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
See my life is like a see-saw 
And until I move this weight it's gonna keep me to the floor 
Travel with me through my deep thoughts 
You all can't learn Jigga by the shit you all be reading in The Source; 
It's deeper of course 
Follow the life of this reckless minor 
At sixteen in the 600, unlicensed driver 
Playing, cops and robbers, like shots can't stop us 
Flipping a bird to the choppers (fuck you coppers) 
Buck-thirty on the turns 
Reckless abandon, when I'm standing on this pedal 
Hand on my metal, minus all this time they trying to give me 
Lord help me, all I ever wanted to be was wealthy or 
somebody to tell me that they felt me 
I tried to play the hand you dealt me 
but you gave me five funnies and shit 
I was hungry I need menage money 
Nothing less than a 520; and with that said 
back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is *BLAM* 
 
(Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh)[Jay-Z] 
Uh-huh, uh 
Jigga man, uh-huh MC 
ThatOs right 
Swizz Beatz 
Uh, uh, come on 
 
 [Mariah (Jay-Z)] 
It's the things that you do 
That make me feel so... 
(Come on, inhale, exhale, breathe on it for me) 
And I don't know the way I feel 
I can explain 
(Uh) 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Bounce, bounce) 
It's the things that you do 
That make me feel so.. 
(Exhale breathe on it for me) 
And I don't know the way I feel 
I can explain (Yeah) 
I love you 
(Uh come on) 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You know the flow sicka, know Jigga, mo' sicka now right 
You know what me and Swizz's shit sound like 
Crazed and demonic, uh without blazin chronic 
Product of Reaganomics 
You know that motherfuckin stoop raised me 
Ringin in da hoops but I was too lazy 
School made me sick, teachers said I was too crazy 
Low and behold, it's the new and improved Jay-Z 
Let me explain this to you baby 
I spent nights out, days in 
Niggaz was blazing, twelve noon where I was raised in 
I felt caged in but kept roaming 
Prayed for the Day of Atonement 
Married to the streets no date of annulment 
It seems every time it comes up 
They postpone it 
So I kept my chrome at the waist 
Waiting for the omen 
Savoring the moment and now you know 
The reason that I flow the way I flow baby 
 
 [Mariah (Jay-Z)] 
It's the things that you do 
(Uh, inhale, exhale, breathe on it) 
That make me feel so.. 
And I don't know the way I feel 
I can explains 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Bounce, shake, bounce, shake) 
It's the things that you do 
That make me feel so.. 
(Uh, exhale, breathe on it for me) 
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain (Uh) 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Drop, bounce, yo) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You know I move like an ounce 
Bottled up like crack 
That's how I make you bounce like that 
Defy Webster's words they can't pronounce like that 
That's why no other rapper got a sound like that 
Trap, trap of my life 
Flashback, kill niggaz 
Rap skills unmatched, Jigga man baby 
I can't entertain it sometimes I can't explain it 
God given, gifts of a soul for hard living 
Far be it from me to question Allah's wisdom 
Could've been lost in the system 
Instead I'm involved with the rhythm 
I dodged prison, came out unscathed from car collisions 
I know I must be part of some mission 
Shit I used take it for granted 
Why they placed me on this planet 
I would ask myself while writin raps to myself 
But right there under my nose 
Was the flow of all flows 
Not a demon but a rose in the cement, come on 
 
 [Mariah (Jay-Z)] 
It's the things that you do 
That make me feel so.. 
(Inhale, exhale, breathe on it MC) 
And I don't know the way I feel 
I can explain 
(Uh) 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Bounce, shake, shake it, uh) 
It's the things that you do 
That make me feel so.. 
(Exhale, uh) 
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Lights out nigga) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You know I've traveled through zones 
Homes spazzed like a bad back 
I came into this game on Jaz's back 
I jumped off stood on my own two like boom, that's that 
Yeah I'm here to show and prove 
Don't matter to me the Garden or flowin on Clue 
Whatever niggas wanna do - it's alright with me 
Whether you big or bossy, jig or flossy 
Dusty or musty, sober or saucy 
Broker than Todd Bridges, richer than Bill Cosby 
Forgive me for my arrogance or you still salty? 
Past on to the next life and you still haunt me 
I'mma keep doing me unfortunately 
I make the club rock, make thugs pop guns 
Make old folks do the bus stop; can't stop son 
Shit I give you what's hot and what's not, I never knew 
Y'all (niggas) know (niggas) how (niggas) do 
 
 [Mariah (Jay-Z)] 
It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. 
(Uh, exhale, inhale) 
And I don't know the way I feel 
I can explain 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Uh, bounce, shake, what? uh-huh) 
It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. 
(Uh-huh, inhale, exhale) 
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Bounce, shake ladies) 
It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. 
(Uh-huh, breathe for me, uh, uh-huh) 
And I don't know the way I feel 
I can explain 
(Uh) 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
(Lights out niggas) 
It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. 
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. 
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do 
It's the things that you do that make me feel so.. 
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain 
I love you 
You thug look at what you make the clubs do[Dre] YEAH! 
 [Jay] Uh uhh uh-uhh, boom boom boom 
 [Dre] D-R-E! 
 [Jay] Say it with me niggaz, boom boom 
 [Dre] And Jay-Z! 
 [Jay] Boom boom boom boom 
 [Dre] What the fuck?! 
 [Jay] Boom boom boom boom 
 [Dre] Watch me! 
 [Jay] Jigga-Man, ya heard? Boom boom boom 
Brooklyn, ya heard? Boom boom booom 
 [Dre] Compton! 
 [Jay] Gotti Gotti ya heard? Yo.. 
 [Dre] C'mon! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You gotta, pop that styles, rock that watch dial 
See that Benz? Cop that now 
Drop-that-top-down, they gon' kill us anyway 
Them cops uptown hit holmes with forty-one rounds 
Live yo' life, get yo' ice 
She been with you since day one nigga, trick on yo' wife 
Spend that dough, when in doubt, take that trip 
She ain't livin for the moment homey shake that bitch 
He that cool, he can't take you nowhere? Then leave that fool 
Be that rude if he that cool 
Save for what? Ball til your days is up 
This place is fucked, all type of AIDS and such 
How they make it where you afraid to fuck 
They gave us drugs then turned around and investigated us 
Life is short, then you on life support 
so in between it all I'ma say I seen it all, watch me 
 
 [Chorus: Dr. Dre] 
Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) 
and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (uhh, watch me) 
At any, chance you hit (that's right) we live for the moment 
(yo, watch, watch) Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars 
(Watch me) You see me around some cheese 
(Watch me) See me with hustlers around them G's 
(Watch me) Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed 
(Watch me) At the bar baby, round's on me 
(Watch me) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Watch me turn somethin out of nothin, turn platinum from gold 
Watch me light the Cohiba off the Viking stove 
I take an empty bank account, fill it with oh's 
I take an empty building then I fill it with hoes 
Watch me, cop that Coupe, shine for the ladies 
have em sayin, "Damn I never seen a watch that blue" 
And while they still mesmerized I pop that cooch' 
Shit, law enforcement couldn't stop that dude 
Guess who? Fresh off of "Volume 2" 
Back at you, peep the numbers my album do 
They call me Cham-pagne-hovah, wake up with a hangover 
When y'all think the game's over, do the same thing over 
Still with the same soldiers 
Still gettin brain and it's plain ain't a thang gon' change over 
Hop out the truck, hand on my cock and nuts 
Who got the bank, I'm stoppin it up, watch me 
 
 [Chorus: Dr. Dre] 
Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) 
and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (watch me) 
At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment 
Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars 
(Watch me) You see me around some cheese 
(Watch me) Hangin with hustlers around them G's 
(Watch me) Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed 
(Watch me) At the bar bitch, round's on me 
(Watch me) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yo the watch too rocky, need shades 
Continental sittin on blades, spinnin like waves 
Gun too Brock-y, behave 
Big shot, plus I'm feelin like Rocky these days 
Ice don't melt I could ski through a heatwave 
Nights won't help you see Jay, it'll be day 
My shit too bright, I rip through mics 
plus I push more powder than Crystal Light 
Chick mad, said I hold my pistol too tight 
Get a grip bitch, this how I get through life 
I buy out the bar, spit Crist' through the mic 
See Jigga in the 6 and all the shit you like 
See Jigga givin dick to every bitch you like 
I told her, "It's Jay-Day and Hit-You-Night" 
You wanna, see me again you gotta get two dice 
I got rules I can't hit you twice, you heard me? 
Watch me 
 
 [Chorus: Dr. Dre] 
Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh) 
and tell me you won't ball every chance you get (that's right) 
At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment 
Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars 
(Watch me) You see me around some cheese 
(Watch me) See me with hustlers around them G's 
(Watch me) Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed 
(Watch me) At the bar baby, round's on me 
(Watch me) 
(Watch me) You see me around some cheese 
(Watch me) Hangin with hustlers around them G's 
(Watch me) Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed 
(Watch me) At the bar bitch, round's on me 
(Watch me) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. uh 
Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. 
Uh-huh-uh, Jigga Jigga shit huh? 
Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Brooklyn-Brooklyn shit huh? 
(Compton) Uh-huh-uh, Gotti Gotti shit huh? 
(C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Lil' Rob shit huh? 
(C'mon) Uh-huh-uh-UHH, Roc-a-Fella shit y'all 
(C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh, murder murder shit y'all 
(Watch me!)[Jay-Z] 
No more reason I gotta prove to be da illest MC 
Somthing's wrong wit ya motor skills cause y'all ain't movin me 
I'm who you see musically when you want it done hot 
Comparin' you to me is a lesson in futility stop 
I paint pictures beautifully but niggaz is near sighted 
Don't worry about plagerist it'll take em years to bite it 
Which the greatest fears I don't write it 
It just appears outta nowhere like the information contain by the physic 
Like it or not I pay dues and expect to be paid back 
Why da fuck should I freestyle I'm gettin paid to rap 
I sling a track laid back almost till it's a sin 
Tell ya god somebody's doin a good job impersonatin' him 
J-Hova spittin game from da range rover 
What tha fuck is y'all doin in da third lane get over 
Slow ya rode up I got it sewed up like a tella 
Relatively easy like jerry hella 
Cream is cherry vanilla got chicks in da telli 
Belly up soundin like mayhelia tryna tell y'all 
Y'all know da style burn da town 
Down and change the locale I'm doin da same shit except its legit 
 
 [Chorus: x2] 
Got a twenty cart shorty better play that shit 
You owe me twenty baby better pay that shit 
Got twenty bag son better blaze that shit 
They said I wasn't seeing twenty but I made dat shit 
 
 [Gotti] 
Pimp Gotti get da dues in them double down 
Like them kids with tips who tops down 
Bricks who get money quick see me 
representin bomb city on da bill block rockin' mic's 
Before they get a mill I sold pills all night 
The illest outta life got my mind on fate 
Cause even on tour nigga still ain't safe 
I keep a tre eight on my left smoke a L for stress countin dirt bag lex 
I be da X like malcom puff for now dunn east side represent wit tons of guns 
You keep it real where you from 
Cause where you at might put da dagger in yo back 
Its like livin wit yo homey that be on crack 
And fact my niggaz know my styles phat like hoes in da El Dorado 
My mind toatin fuck em duck em 
Any thing but da main gun I don't trust em 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Boo] 
Move wit da nigga huh from man chilla 
Burge shit word shit I slpurge big scrilla 
Observe when you work spit bird shit killah 
Not to be purterb with...herb shit deala 
Can make me feel y'all foreal ya tock ticking 
Bust a rapper bust a cap hustler stop flinching 
You fresh off the corner calling dog shit brog shit 
Soon as you feel that sog shit you be like oh shit (stoooooop) 
Broke niggaz resort the glass looking 
Opposite the track ass whooping 
Opposite the black class hooker the fat ass fooker 
Triple your cash criple your stash pass shooker 
The past ain't never the last to teach lessons 
My peeps fucking up in the streets keep guessing 
Brew don't becomming a preach I be blessing 
Lotta kids commmin out da wrong way like sea sections 
Know da bro gone flow even if it cross shorts 
Fuck weed cop coke cause da shit cost more 
But niggaz say I floss to much 
but when I take it off and such they say I lost my touch 
Those bitches like the money I wear 
What its funny how they stare 
Dumb bunnies with they cunnin' little glare 
Shorty let me see the tail if its really that shittin 
She hit me with a felion a young pair kitten 
My boy hit that shit now every body smitten 
Even holdin snow balls and I ain't talkin bout mittens 
what I talkin bout mittens foreal 
 
 [Chorus][Jay-Z] 
Yeah, Renegades is back 
Em the B the sick 
It's Young, Freeway, 8 Miles, let's go 
 
8 miles and running, got my 7th album droppin' 
And my 8th album comin', feedin' a thousand growlin' stomachs 
But I can rewind the calendar back, back when it was now or nothin' 
People said I would amount to nothin', that I had talent for nothin' 
Said I would succumb to violence or be silenced by your gunmen 
I could just hear the folks now, "He got what he had coming" 
Now that my eighth album's comin' everybody's smilin' 
Wantin' something, claimin' that they done something for him 
Got their Jay-Z pom poms and their whole uniform 
Claimin' they been runnin' and tellin' everybody like Martin Lawerence 
'Bout how hot my rap performance was before I was who I was 
Claimin' that they threw it up before I threw it up 
You what? Where was you before I blew this up? 
I didn't see you in the courtroom when everybody was suin' us 
I didn't see you in all black when everybody was suitin' up 
Back on the block, gettin' it in, there wasn't no you with us 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
8 miles and running, got my 7th album droppin' 
And my 8th album comin', feedin' a thousand growlin' stomachs, Free 
 [Freeway] 
6 miles and running, got my fist strip poppin' 
And my first album comin', feedin' twenty growlin' stomachs 
 [Jay-Z] 
8 miles and running, got my 7th album droppin' 
And my 8th album comin', feedin' a thousand growlin' stomachs, Free 
 [Freeway] 
6 miles and running, got my fist strip poppin' 
And my first album comin', feedin' twenty growlin' stomachs 
 
 [Freeway] 
6 miles and running in the Pontiac 
Six thousand eighty six, trans might shift while the engine run 
Anyone tell ya rider give me one more chance 
Hear them smokers screamin' "One more gram" 
So I'ma bring 'em one 
Homie, son, and my pop, stick close to my MOMMA 
Keep toasters for DRAMA, mix a lot with my son 
My son growin' and he learnin' a lot 
That's when them toasters will the burners will pop, brain on ya own 
Well a nigga, tell 'em niggas 
That's like the biblical scripture 
Look back, turn assault like the sin is in 
Most of ya heartless and self-centered like "Me Shaq and me Shaq" 
Set up ya brother cuz you jealous nigga 
The heat back, like you never left 
I ever rep, cops watch every step 
Six miles and running dodgin' every trap 
The rap gingerbread man, cheer us up 
You precious breath, State P the second attack 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Back when nobody would found he had talent, nobody would sign me 
Nobody believed in me, nobody but mommy blindly 
But how can she deny me? Me being the youngest runt 
To come up outta her tummy, she got nothin' but love for me 
When niggas would want me, the industry shunned me 
That's why I'm takin' all the industry's money 
Revenge is sweet honey, we run this 
Young is the illsest, Free is the future 
Bean's and Bleek is right now, we can see our 8 miles nigga 
 
 [Chorus]